Asif and Rashmi married without the wishes of their parents and are living happily.Rashmi's mother invites them for their 25th wedding anniversary by forgetting the past her house is located at a place where a nearby bungalow number 6 is said to be haunted Asif goes to play cricket out there with kids where he places the stumps not realizing that a corpse is buried under it.Rashmi's mother Ratna and sister in law Ashwini notice a black shadow in the house and take help of spiritual guru who tells that the house has a powerful spirit.Asif gets possessed by the spirit and starts to behave and act like female wearing bangles and calling himself Laxmi. —
Two couples with the same surnames pursue in-vitro fertilization and wait for their upcoming babies. Trouble ensues when they find that the sperms of each couple have been mixed with each other.
In 1419 Sitamgarh, 3 couples are parted away due to an evil conspiracy. 600 hundred years later in 2019 in London, the couples's reincarnations meet again but this time each one of them is marrying the wrong person. How they come to realize about their true love is what forms the crux of the story.
Based on true events of the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) successfully launching the Mars Orbiter Mission (Mangalyaan), making it the least expensive mission to Mars.
This period war-drama showcases the 1897 Battle of Saragarhi. The plot focuses on Havildar Ishar Singh who led a platoon of 21 Sikhs against an invading army of 10,000 Afghans to defend the North-West Frontier Province. The event is considered as one of the greatest last-stands in history. —
8 years after Chitti was dismantled due to destruction he caused. Vaseegaran has created new human robot Nila which can understand human feelings better. The cell phones in the city start to disappear from everywhere. A creature in the form of bird creates havoc in the city causing destruction. Vaseegaran believes it to be the fifth element force and decides to get Chitti back in action. When Vaseegaran traces the location of missing cellphones with help of Chitti and Nila he finds that its not the fifth force but a human force done by late professor Pakshi Rajan. —
Tapan Das manager of Gold winning Indian hockey team during British rule dreams of bringing Gold medal to the country post Independence.India is nearing Independence and Tapan finds news of 1948 Olympics. Tapan prepares his own team for the upcoming Olympics.But during the partition team also gets divided along with the country. —
Biography on Tamil Nadu activist Arunachalam Muruganantham, whose mission was to provide sanitary napkin's to poor women of rural areas. Who would use rag cloths or leaves during periods where use of sanitary napkins was rare. After he did not get fruitful results from his family and a medical college he approached, he decided to try it himself by making a uterus out of football bladder and filling goat's blood in it. He would roam around the whole day with the bladder, the aim was to check the absorption rate of the sanitary napkins made by him. —
Keshav and Jaya are from two villages near Mathura where at least 80% of households have no access to lavatories. Conflict comes knocking on the first day of their marriage, when Jaya discovers that Keshav's home has no toilet and she leaves. Distraught and desperate, Keshav embarks on a mission to win back his love by battling against the age-old traditions, mindset, and value system of his country.
Shabana a college student who is also Kudo fighter lives with her mother in Mumbai at a young age she had killed her father trying to save her mother from his daily abuse and was sent to children remand home. Shabana is in love with Jai who gets killed by some spoiled brats when he tries to save Shabana from their abuse. Three months after the death of Jai the police haven't made any arrest as they were trying to save the culprits. Shabana then gets a anonymous call from Ranvir Singh telling that he will provide her details of Jai's killers in return she has to work for their secret National Defense Force. —
Jolly is a clumsy lawyer who is faced with representing the most critical court case of his career.
Naval officer Rustom Pavri returns from his posting and finds his wife Cynthia is away from home since last two days his marriages is on the rocks when he finds love letters in cupboard which indicates that Cynthia has found love in one of his friend Vikram Makhija an arrogant business tycoon ,Rustom then issues a pistol from Naval Ship's Armory and shoots Vikram three times in his chest living him dead and surrender himself to senior inspector Vincent Lobo. —
When India's top batsman Viraj goes missing in Middle East, two cops Kabir Shergill and Junaid Ansari from either side of Arabian Sea team for a 36-hours man hunt before the final match between India and Pakistan. —
London based business men Batuk Patel lives with his three daughters Ganga (Gracy),Jamuna (Jenny) and Saraswati (Sarah).The sisters want to get married to their boyfriends Sandy,Teddy and Bunty and speak to their father.But Aakhri Pasta a restaurant owner whose also a fortune teller to Batuk tells him that he will die if his daughter's boyfriend's speak,see or step into his house.Sandi,Teddy and Bunty pretend to be disable and enter the house and suspect each other of being normal and want to expose one another.But Batuk shares secret with Pasta that the daughters don't belong to him but his friend a Mumbai based Don Urja Nagre whose currently serving a jail term. —
It is in this scenario that Ranjit Katyal (played by Akshay Kumar), a wealthy and powerful Indian businessman, who has always seen himself as a Kuwaiti, rather than an Indian, realizes that he no longer wields any influence on the Iraqis, and that he and his family are in as much danger as anyone else. Ranjit unknowingly becomes the man who all 170,000 Indians look up to for getting them out safely from Kuwait. Airlift is the story of Indians stranded in Kuwait during this traumatic time. A story of how they, with the help of Ranjit Katyal, managed to survive the Iraqi invasion, and against all odds traveled a thousand kilometers across the border into Amman, Jordan. From Amman, 170,000 Indians were brought home by the largest and the most successful evacuation ever attempted by any country, in the history of the world. Over 59 days, the Indian government systematically flew over 488 Air India commercial flights into a war zone to evacuate all 170,000 Indians and safely bring them back home. Airlift is an uplifting and entertaining edge-of-the-seat thriller and is the story of the biggest ever human evacuation in the history of mankind. —
Raftaar Singh (Akshay) spends his days whiling his time away dancing and jumping through fire hula-hoops at fairs in Bassi Pathana in Punjab. While his father (Yograj Singh) is tired of his ways, his mother (Rati Agnihotri) caters to his appetite with home-cooked jalebis, before the former asks Raftaar to choose a path for himself. Either get married to a certain Sweety, or move to Goa and work under his father's friend. Considering the first option unimaginable, Raftaar chooses the second.
The story of two estranged brothers comes to play in the rink. David Fernandes quits his job as a Physics teacher to become a full-time fighter. He is willing to do whatever it takes to save his ill daughter. Monty Fernandes creates a storm on the internet with just one video. Finally getting the chance to prove himself to the world, he trains vigorously. Two brothers, two fighters, and one ultimate fight.
Gabbar Singh Rajput (Akshay Kumar) creates his own vigilante military network called the Anti-Corruption Force (ACF) that eliminates the most corrupt individuals, from all walks of life, in a systematic manner. As pressure builds on Police and Government to track down the man who masterminds these killings, CBI Officer Kuldeep Pahwa (Jaideep Ahlawat) is specially summoned to head the task. He is aided by Sadhuram (Sunil Grover) who, though being just a constable in the mammoth Police force, is compelled by his instincts to see through the underlying design.
A villager goes to Mumbai to find his judwa brother. But he finds his judwa brother is opposite to him and the whole movie runs around this.
The country is perpetually under threat from terrorist powers and the common man walks unaware of the threats and the attacks that our Government controls and prevents. While the common Indian fights for everyday issues, there are deeper and bigger threats to him and his family that he will never know exist because it is the men and women in uniform that safeguard them. The men and women who put country before self, the men and women who define our history because they give a damn! Ajay (played by Akshay Kumar) is one such officer who is part of an elite team chosen from amongst the best in the Forces to form a covert Counter Intelligence Unit. In the course of foiling one terrorist attack bid, Ajay discovers a major threat to our nation - a plan to cause damage and strike fear at the heart of our very existence. The plot is masterminded by a maniacal leader whose organization has its tentacles spread across the world. As days progress, the unit goes through escalating challenges with time ticking against them and risks escalating. At all points, the members of the unit give it all they've got and stand tall to guard us with all their strength so that we may sleep safe in our homes. Covert and courageous operations are performed across Kathmandu, Istanbul, Abu Dhabi, Delhi and Mumbai as our protectors will not rest till evil is debated. Will the maniacal Maulana Rehman and his band of evil succeed in striking terror in the heart of India? Will the Indian Government change gears from being reactive to proactive and strike? Will Ajay and his unit be able to prevent this terror tsunami?
Three friends in their 60s try to do everything that they couldn't do in their younger days - before death arrives.
Akhil (Akshay Kumar) finds out that he is the heir of 3000 crore rupees as he and his mother were abandoned by his diamond baron father (Panna Laal Johari) who is now dead. However, his life goes Topsy-turvy when he learns that the empire goes to entertainment (a dog). —
Virat () is among a battalion of military officers that comes to Mumbai on vacation. Virat is also a secret Defence Intelligence Agent who cannot lie low, much to the irritation of his friend and sub inspector. During a bus ride, an attempt to frisk passengers for a lost wallet leads Virat to something much bigger. Within minutes, the bus is blown into pieces and he helps cops nab the carrier of the bomb, who escapes from the hospital only to be caught by Virat again. Using tact, Virat follows one clue at a time hoping to track down the terrorist on whose orders the sleeper cell terrorists plan to cause mayhem in Mumbai. —Sadiq khan (sadiqkhandirector@gmail.com)
Boss (Akshay Kumar) takes the blame for a murder done by his father mistakenly... after serving his jail term he becomes a gangster who is cool and fearless. But all hell breaks loose when a corrupt police officer and a politician give him a contract to kill, which causes him a terrible dilemma. —

The story of Shoaib, an underworld don who came to power by killing his mentor and has extended his kingdom with the help of his best friend, Javed, and his former lover, Mumtaz. While visiting the area where he grew up, he meets Aslam, who becomes his accomplice. —
Based on real life incidents that occurred in India in 1987-88, the storyline revolves around a group of con artists who pulled off many clever robberies during 1980s, and robbed famous businessmen and politicians by pretending to be the CBI or Income tax officers and conducting raids. On the pretext of conducting raids they would take away all the black money hoarded by them. —
A father who runs a marriage bureau believes that his son is a failure in life. In order to prove him wrong, his son takes on the task of finding a match for a gangster's sister.
Oh my God is a story about a person (Kanji Lalji Mehta) who loses his shop in an earthquake. The shop is located an area in Mumbai, known as chor bazaar. Kanji is a person, who even does not fear God and even puts God on ill usage, for his benefit. After disaster, Kanji lodges complaint against God as he does not get benefit of insurance due to act of God. The notice is sent to all bigger baba's. He first goes through a lot of resistance, but eventually people turn out in his favor. People from other religions also join him. Thus notice is sent to every religious head. Later its shown how Kanji wins and people who have lodged complaint against disaster caused get benefited. Its also shown how dongis are bought into vision of normal people. —
In 1947 when the maps of India and Pakistan were being drawn, an oversight ensured that the village of Paglapur didn't find a place in either country. The village had the distinction of housing the largest mental asylum in the region and in the mêlée that ensued during partition, the asylum inmates broke loose, drove away the villagers and established their own republic in Paglapur. And that's how it stayed for the next 60 years! While the world outside changed, Paglapur remained isolated, with no electricity, television or sanity. Now, decades after the world forgot this village, a NASA scientist of Indian origin, Agastya and his beautiful wife find themselves on the road to Paglapur. Agastya is working on a top secret project for creating a device to communicate with aliens. So why is he in a village whose colorful inhabitants include a man who speaks in gibberish, another who thinks he is a lamp post and everyone else who think Mahatma Gandhi is still around, fighting for independence? And more importantly, what are they going to do that will soon turn the universe's spotlight on this forgotten village? —
Shiva (Akshay Kumar) is a small time conman in love with Paro (Sonakshi Sinha), a pretty girl whom he met at a wedding he wasn't invited to. Into this picture perfect world enters six year old Chinki who inexplicably believes Shiva to be her dad! And if this wasn't bad enough, Shiva also becomes the object of a series of life threatening attacks by a gang of deadly criminals who seem to know something he doesn't. While trying desperately to save his life and love, Shiva stumbles upon a deadly secret. A secret that will take him to a small town in Bihar; a town terrorized by a ruthless politician and the mafia he controls; a town whose inhabitants only hope for redemption is ... Shiva! —
Housefull 2 is about the Kapoor family. Daboo and Chintu are brothers but they hate each other to the core. Even their wives and daughters hate each other. Both claim that they are going to get the richest son-in-law for their daughter. Aakhri Pasta, a marriage counselor, brings Jai's parents to Chintu, but Pasta says the wrong things and Chintu abuses Jai's father, who suffers a heart attack. Jai seeks revenge, which turns into a comedic disaster. —
Based in England, Nikhil Mathur is employed as an Investment Banker and has a idealist girlfriend in Radhika Awasthi. His friend, Jignesh Patel, works as a Security Guard in a mall and is the guardian of Veer, his late sister's son, and under close scrutiny of the Social Services Department. Global recession takes a toll on Nikhil - he not only loses his job but also his investments, while Jignesh gets fired for failing to prevent theft by a minor. Nikhil is unable to find employment and after Jignesh gets fired from yet another job, the duo end up working as male escorts with 'Desi Boyz' as Rocco and Hunter, and bring in enough income to keep them going. Radhika soon finds out and dumps Nikhil, while a Social Worker, Vikrant Mehra, takes custody of Veer and has him placed in a foster home. With their lives turned upside down, the duo blame each other and part company. Unable to even speak with Radhika, Nikhil is dismayed when he finds her in the company of a new boyfriend, Ajay Bapat. With the adverse publicity generated by their involvement as male escorts - and the recession holding strong - what will the duo do in a country where people, including educationists, racially profile ethnic minorities with impunity. —
A hockey enthusiast since 12 years of age, Toronto-based Rajvinder Singh, even went to the extent of trimming his hair, discarding his Pagri/turban, did not complete his education, incurred the wrath of his father, Darvesh, who wanted him to be involved in the family business as well as confirm and respect Sikh religion principles and values. Hoping to play professional hockey, Rajvinder, along with other fellow Sikh players, instead finds himself treated as the object of ridicule, referred to as a 'joker', by mainstream Caucasian players. Even his friends tease him and ask him to take up 'Guli Danda' and Kabaddi', while his father makes him work for Uncle Sammy as a truck driver. He is attracted to stunning law student Melissa Winters while her brother, Dan, offers to coach Rajvinder and his team. Unable to get themselves included in any team, they form their own, and call it 'Speedy Singhs'. They then set about to make a name for themselves with a coach who is unable to pronounce their names, and assumes that they belong to the same family as all their last names are 'Singh'. The team, headed by Rajvinder, has an uphill task, challenging the reigning champions 'Hammerheads', while Rajvinder must counsel his school-going brother, Gurveer, who is being harassed for looking 'different', deal with family pressures - especially after Darvesh announces that his son has forsaken hockey once and for all. —
While on her way to Mumbai airport to board a plane to Delhi, a busy business executive, who employs over 600 employees, gets stuck in a traffic jam, and misses her flight. She blames her predicament on an auto-rickshaw passenger, Manu Gupta, and is appalled when the latter is her co-passenger on a budget-airline. The flight is diverted to Jaipur and with no flights available for several hours, she ends up sharing a rental car with Manu - but matters get even worse when the car breaks down, and both end up spending the night at a cockroach-ridden restaurant. At daybreak, she ends up having no luggage, no car, and forced to ride a camel-cart with Manu, who she cannot stand anymore. But things get even worse when she will find her money has been stolen; the duo will be arrested for traveling on a train without tickets; and end up hitching a ride from men who have just broken out of jail!! —
Raj, Yogi and Vikram - best friends, business partners, serial womanizers and happily married! Happy, because their lovely wives have no clue that their husbands cheat on them with every pretty young thing they can lay their eyes on. This picture perfect world is rocked when Raj's wife, Sanjana begins to suspect her husband and hires the suave private detective, Kishan, to tail him. Kishan's built his reputation as a man who saves marriages by getting erring husbands to mend their ways. In this particular case, however, his overwhelming attraction towards Sanjana means he may not be acting in her best interest! What follows is a crazy cat and mouse game, with Kishan trying to catch the husbands with their pants down literally and them attempting to just stay outside his grasp. —
Gurtej Singh Kahlon witnesses his family being attacked by British-born Caucasian skinheads, leading to a death in the family. While the identified attackers were never charged by racially biased police, he himself was arrested for defending his family. He swore to change the manner in which East Indians were profiled and set about to build a Mini-India in Southall. He encourages his son, Parghat, to play and excel in cricket as he himself was a fan of the Indian team, especially Lala and his son, Mohinder Ambarnath. But when the time comes for Parghat to be inducted in the English cricket team, he forbids him, gets him to manage a convenience store, and also sets about to arrange marriages and lives of his family with no daring to oppose him. Then mixed-raced Simran Chaggal enters Parghat's life, and with some help from the Kahlon family, gets him to be included in a failing English team. They conspire to keep this information from Gurtej, and even re-name Parghat as 'Kaali'. But it will not be long before Gurtej finds out, collapses, is hospitalized, refuses to have to do anything with his son, and even refers to him as 'Angrez Chamcha'. Shameful of having hurt his father, and no one in the family to back him up, Parghat has no option but to publicly announce his 'retirement' from cricket. —
A stylish Tabrez Khan (Akshay Kumar) is depicted as Tees Maar Khan, a smart conman. He proclaims himself as semi-Robin Hood, who steals from the rich but does not give it to the poor. His life revolves around robbery and frequent visits to jail. Hired by a robbers' duo, the Johari brothers (Rajiv and Raghu), he plans to rob a train full of treasures, thus making it the greatest phenomenon in his life. On his way, he encounters an Oscar-obsessed film star (Akshaye Khanna), a seductive-and-desiring-to-be-a-superstar-some-day girlfriend (Katrina Kaif) and to accompany him in this heist, an entire village. What follows is a brain-less comedy that heralds the Tees Maar Khan's journey through mystics of the robbery. —
After witnessing nothing but acrimony between his bickering Mumbai-based parents, Kishen and Mala Chopra, Bunty refuses to marry his girlfriend, Tanya Gonsalves. He is then introduced to her eccentric grandfather, Professor Anthony Gonsalves, and finds that the latter has invented a time-travel machine. Bunty travels back in time - specifically Holi 1975 - when Mumbai was called Bombay and gets to meet his parents when they were younger. He is shocked to find his buck-toothed wimpy father, and his mother - a goon-like tomboy. Amidst the terror of Raman Raghav, the impending Emergency of former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, banning of multinationals - including Coca Cola - and the Charisma of superstar Rajesh Khanna - he sets about to try and set things right between not only his bickering parents but also his feuding grandparents. He will soon find out that his mother has another admirer - who will not leave any stone unturned to marry her. —
Satara-based petty road-works contractor, Sachin Tichkule, faces challenges when the Satara Municipal Corporation puts a hold on his payment. He decides to sue them, while his extended family deal with the crisis of a recently-collapsed bridge resulting in 65 deaths. If matters were not bad enough, the new Municipal Commissioner is none other than his estranged girlfriend/ex-collegian, Gehna Ganpule. Sachin had abused and assaulted her in Mumbai a few years ago, and she is now determined to blacklist him at any and all costs. While comically dealing with indolent employees, his sister's marriage, an elephant, a road-roller &c. he lands in even more hot water when the local police get ready to prosecute him for alleged Sexual Molestation, as well as Assault and Threats to Kill Gehna's brother. —
Housefull is a romantic comedy entertainer which narrates the story of Aarush - the world's unluckiest man. Being jinxed, he believes his bad luck can vanish if he finds true love. In this quest for true love how one lie leads to another and how different people from different walks of life come together adding even more confusion to this hilarious comedy of errors resulting in total chaos and mayhem forms the crux of the story. The line which Deepika tells Akshay in the film "Jis jhooth se kissi ka ghar basta ho, voh jhooth jhooth nahin hota", pretty much sums up the essence of the film. —
Singapore-based Nitin Bankar's education was paid for by his employer, Kuljeet Kaur, and he, after the passing of his father, works as an unpaid maid-chauffeur for her until such time he pays off whatever she had spent. He is in love with gorgeous Anjali Kakkad but her father refuses to give his consent for this alliance. Desperate to get out of this situation, Nitin attempts suicide, albeit in vain, and then cooks up a scheme to abduct Kuljeet's pet, Mulchand, demand a hefty ransom, and then marry Anjali. He seeks assistance from his equally deadbeat-courier deliveryman, Ram Mishra, who wants to wed tall and pretty Manpreet Oberoi, and both book a room in Pan Pacific Hotel. However, Murphy's Law and a host of assorted characters get involved - resulting in hilarious and uncontrollable chaos. —
Bangkok-based bike-racer Sameer Singh gets in debt with Gulshan, and flees to the Bahamas to live with his brother, Sagar, and his live-in girlfriend, Mona. But Gulshan catches up with him, allegedly kills Nikki, who Sameer loves, and forcibly abducts Mona. In order to return the money, the duo, along with Aarav Malhotra, decide to scour the bottom of the ocean for a ship 'Lady in Blue' that was sunk on purpose in July 1949. This ship contains treasure that was being returned by the tyrannical British as a goodwill gesture. The trio will soon find that unknown dangers await them and that one of them has a hidden agenda of his own. —
After Hollywood stuntman, Lucky Doshi, gets married to Kamini Sandhu, his Punjab-born friend and fellow Universal Studio's colleague, Viraj Shergill, chastises him, while Kamini's man-hating surgeon friend, Simrita Rai, coaches her to not be intimate with him. Simrita and Viraj clash verbally several times but things change after he ruptures his intestine while filming a movie and is hospitalized. His life will undergo many changes after he finds out - much to his amazement - that Simrita loves him, without realizes that her feelings for him are temporarily motivated. —
8 X 10 revolves around Jai, a man who has the power to see into the past. He uses this power to help people even though using it nearly kills him every time. When his father, Jatin, dies in a mysterious boating accident, Jai's suspicion is aroused by the appearance of an oddball detective, Happi. The only article that can help him in his investigation is an 8 X 10 photograph taken just minutes before the accident by his mother Savitri that shows Jatin surrounded by his best friend and lawyer, Anil, his adopted son, Adit and younger brother, Sundar. Jai decides to use this photograph to go into the past to unravel the mystery surrounding Jatin's death. As he discovers clues he realizes that his father was actually murdered and that everyone on the boat had a motive. Now on a mission to unmask the killer, he undertakes the dangerous journey of visiting the past repeatedly. A cat and mouse game ensues, with the killer outwitting Jai at every turn. As the bodies pile up and time begins to run out, Jai ventures into the photo one last time with the killer on his heels. Does Jai discover who the killer is? Will the killer get him before the truth is uncovered? Does he get out of the photo in time before it is destroyed? —
Based in Delhi's Chandni Chowk, orphaned Sidhu is adopted by the owner of Bajrang Bali Parathas, known simply as Dada. Years later Sidhu has grown up and is an expert at slicing vegetables. When his Chinese friend and Philosopher, Chopstick, cons him into believing that he is the reincarnation of Liu Sheung, a slain Chinese revolutionary, Sidhu takes it upon himself to travel to the Zhange district where he will be forced to confront a deadly female assassin by the name of Suzy; be befriended by a semi-crazed beggar; and must face humiliation and possible death at the hands of the virtually indestructible Hojo. —
Happy Singh lives in a small village in Punjab. He is always compassionate and helpful, but often ends up causing more damage so much so that the Village Panchayat gets together to reprimand him. When the community gets news that one of their residents, Lakhanpal Singh, is an underworld don in Australia, they decide to delegate someone to counsel him. The villagers chose Happy, so that they can get rid of him. Happy's ticket and other costs are paid for, and the Panchayat even asks a reluctant Rangeela to accompany him. Due to a mix-up, both end up in Egypt, leading to romance in Happy's life when he meets with Sonia, a Criminologist, who would prefer to have criminals killed than reform them. Both friends do find their way to Australia, where they locate Lakhanpal, who humiliates them and asks them to leave. Both befriend a boutique owner and live in her house. When rival goons attack Lakhanpal, Happy rescues him, and gets him hospitalized. Lakhanpal does recover, but is paralyzed. His goons comically misunderstand that he wants Happy to be Don, and he undergoes a transformation and moves in to live a wealthy lifestyle in Lakhanpal's mansion. When the boutique owner's daughter returns home along with her fiancé, Punit, Happy plans a charade to make her believe that the mansion belongs to her. Happy's life will soon be turned upside down when the daughter turns out to be none other than Sonia herself. Being aware of Sonia's dislike for criminals, he will have no option but to plan a lavish wedding for her, while rival gangsters, and even some of Lakhanpal's goons, plan to get rid of him. —
What happens when you throw two guys who hate each other together. A cool call center executive Jimmy Cliff (Saif Ali Khan), a desi wannabe gangster Bachchan Pande (Akshay Kumar) add for good measure a beautiful girl Pooja (Kareena Kapoor) who cant be trusted - on a journey across spectacular India - a journey which will alter the course of their lives in more ways than one - a journey where even enemies need to trust each other if they want to stay alive. Trouble is, in this world no one can be trusted ever. And to top it all there is the evil eye of Bhaiyyaji (Anil Kapoor - Slumdog Millionaire and 24), maverick gangster who enjoys killing people as much as he enjoys learning to speak English. —
After the passing away of his dark-skinned wife, from who they sired Uday, Dubai-based criminal don, Shankar Shetty re-married a fair-skinned woman, who gave birth to fair-skinned Sanjana. After the couple's passing, Uday takes over in his dad's footsteps, and takes it upon himself to try and get Sanjana married - in vain, as no one wants to be associated with a crime family. Then Uday's associate, Sagar Pandey, aspiring live-action painter, who had loved Iravati, got beat-up by her brothers, and was re-named Majnu, assists in finding a young man, Rajiv, who lives with his maternal uncle, Dr. Ghunghroo and aunt, and through extortion compels Ghunghroo to accept this alliance. But Ghunghroo, at the very first opportunity, gets Rajiv to fall in love with another young woman in Sun City, South Africa. When the time comes to get Rajiv formally engaged to this woman, he finds out that Sanjana and she are the very same woman. With no escape from this predicament, the wedding is planned, invitations are sent out, and even Ranvir Dhanraj alias RDX, an Italian-based criminal don, also makes an appearance. On the day of the engagement, a woman claiming to be Rajiv's child-hood betrothed shows up, makes a successful plea to Ranvir, and gets the engagement annulled. When Dr. Ghunghroo finds out that Rajiv and Sanjana have fallen in love with each other, he decides to accept Sanjana into the family on the condition that Uday gives up on crime. Rajiv and Sanjana attempt to get Uday to take up acting in a Bollywood movie - with considerable success - so much so that Uday has no time for crime. Things get complicated when Ranvir's son, Lucky, gets wind of Rajiv's scheme and arrives in India with one mission - get Uday back on track with crime - and if necessary do away with Rajiv - once and for all. —
When U.S.-based Siddharth visits his Indian home town with his new wife, he insists they stay at the ancestral home, laughing off family members' warnings of ghostly goings-on in the mansion. But events soon make him reconsider his beliefs. As unexplained and terrifying occurrences arise, Siddharth calls on his doctor friend to help solve the mystery. What will be the outcome? Will Siddharth's friend be able to solve this riddle? —
Arush Mehra lives a fairly wealthy lifestyle in Sydney, Australia along with two room-mates, Tanmay Joglekar, and Ali Hyder. He works for a food chain, while Tanmay entertains children as 'Eddy Teddy', and Ali takes care of their apartment. All three are womanizers and usually end up sleeping with around 30 different women every year. Arush travels to Delhi to attend Arjun's wedding, and this is where he meets with Isha Sahni, who also resides in Australia, he impresses and wins her over, both get intimate, and shortly thereafter Isha catches him sleeping with Devika, and both split up. Arush returns to Sydney and forgets about this incident. Then one day they find a baby right outside their door with a note to take care of her. The trio suspect each other of being the father, then attempt to get rid of the child, but change their mind, look after her, name her Angel, adore her, and start a frantic and hilarious search for her mother. A few months later Isha shows up, takes Angel in her possession and returns home. The trio now mend their ways, and Arush attempts in vain to win back Isha, and ends up challenging her to marry someone else in 7 days. With Isha's attractive looks and wealthy background it will not be long before she finds someone to wed her, and by the look of things Arush may end up never seeing Angel ever again. —
Indian-born Manmohan Malhotra decided to re-locate to London, England, established himself, returned to India, got married to Bebo, and after a period of 4 years got a visa for her so that she could live with him. Shortly thereafter she gave birth to Jasmeet. Manmohan was always embarrassed of Bebo, as she was overly healthy and not quite sophisticated, as a result he always left her at home, while he socialized. Bebo did not want Jasmeet to end up like her, so got her admitted in an English Medium school, encouraged to mingle with Caucasian friends, and as a result Jasmeet was transformed in to Jazz - a stunningly beautiful young woman, British in looks, talk, habits, and heart. Manmohan's plans to get her married to an Indian boy are all in vain. His friend, Parvez Khan, is in a similar situation with his son, Imran, openly romancing a Caucasian blonde, Susan. Manmohan decides to take his family for a tour in India, and ends up getting her married to Arjun Singh. On their return to London, Jasmeet announces that she is getting married to Charles Brown, who is well connected, even with Prince Charles, and refuses to recognize her marriage with Arjun as there is no proof of this wedding. When Jasmeet is introduced to the friends of the Brown family, she is subjected to considerable racial profiling (snake charmers, Indian rope tricks, tandoori chicken) as well as a quote from Winston Churchil to wit: 'When we leave India, the country will be in the hands of goons'. while Imran is asked by Susan's parents to fore-go Islam, become a Christian, change his name to Emmanuel or Ian, as well as provide a written undertaking that his family is not associated with any terrorists. The questions that remain unanswered are: will love prevail ! Between Imran and Susan on one hand, and Jasmeet and Charles on the other? What is the impact of this marriage on Arjun, who now has been demoted from Husband to the Best Man? —
Champak Seth runs a theater group.Bunty and Babla his lead actors always get into fight for lead role and flirting with the Heroine.Tanjea offers the troupe to perform in London but the lead actress runs away as usual due to fight between Bunty and Babla.Champak Seth tells them the one who first gets the Heroine will be the hero.Bunty meets Munni whose about to commit suicide ans gets her into the group.Bunty and Munni fall in love an after an accident she claims to be Nisha wife of Vikram Chauhan.When Vikram arrives a heart broken Bunty accepts the truth.But soon they they get the news that Nisha has committed suicide due to her suicidal tendencies.On the day of the big show Babla gets a shock to see Munni alive outside the theater when he tells Bunty and Champak Seth about it they got to look for her but eventually find dead body of Vikram.The trio hide the body and go to perform but the body falls down from the ceiling on the stage.Commissioner JD Mehra suspects the trio and gets them arrested. —
Suhaan receives divorce notice from his wife Piya as he as failed to pay the alimony.Agasthya enters their doorstep searching for Piya he was in love with her during college days but couldn't express it. Suhaan tries to get Agasthya and Piya closer that he doesn't have to pay her alimony and monitors their every move.He rents a apartment opposite her house and uses telescopes and binoculars to monitor her.Suhaan notices that Piya has a baby girl.Piya was pregnant when she left him as she didn't want her and baby to ruin his film career.Suhaan realizes his mistake but its to late as Piya and Agasthya are set to get engaged. —
Baburao,Raju and Shyam live a lavish lifestyle.Anuradha claims to be a bank manager and promises to double their money.Raju borrows 30 Lakh from Baburao and Shyam and without their knowledge sells the bungalow they are living for 50 Lakh.He takes 20 Lakh from a local goon Papu to mark the Crore figure.The trio soon find that Anuradha has duped them and is missing with their money.Baburao,Raju and Shyam are back to live their poor lifestyle.Pappu is tortured by his boss Don Tiwari Seth as he had borrowed the money from him.Pappu traces the trio and takes then to Tiwari who gives them a deadline to return the money.As it is impossible to arrange the big amount the trio steal drugs from their neighbor Munnabahai and go to sell it to Nanjjbhai not knowing Munnabhai had looted drugs from him. —
Ravishing Jia A. Yashvardhan lives a very wealthy, though lonely, lifestyle in India with her widowed father Industrialist, A.J. Yashvardhan. In a bid to augment his business, he arranges her marriage with dynamic business tycoon, Karan Oberoi, who operates from Canada. Jia re-locates to Canada to do some shopping, and runs into a young automobile engineer, Aditya Malhotra. Both continue meeting and eventually fall in love with each other. But both are not fated to be each other's soul-mates, for Aditya is engaged to be married to "India's hottest female" Sonia Berry, while Jia will eventually marry Karan. They part and go their individual ways. Then Sonia gets an assignment with Karan, and she and Aditya get invited to his wedding. The wedding takes place with great pomp and ceremony, it is then Aditya and Jia are introduced to each other, and both find that they still have feelings for each other, at the same time both know that according to Hindu traditions, this marriage cannot be broken at any cost. —
Back in college, Natasha was obsessed with Vicky, who has become a successful rock star. Nothing ever happened between them, however. At the time, Vicky was in love with Anjali, who one fateful night suffered a great loss because of him. Now Natasha is the owner of a music label and has the power to make Vicky a global phenomenon. While Vicky, who is still with Anjali, wants to keep things professional, Natasha isn't about to take no for an answer.
Slacker Aryan Bhatia's life is turned upside down when his brother, Shekhar, is killed by a hoodlum, Virendra Sahi. Unable to get the corrupt Mumbai police to apprehend him, he decides to abduct the entire Sahi family, hold them hostage until Virendra surrenders to him. He and six of his friends obtain firearms, successfully abduct the Sahi family, hold them in a room. They even get Virendra to negotiate their release within 24 hours. But Aryan grossly underestimates Virendra's connections, reportedly from 'Sadak' to 'Sansad'. Soon, not only he, his friends, and the remainder of his family will face Virendra's wrath. —
Karan (Bobby Deol) was wealthy and a mansion was his habitat. Raj (Akshay Kumar) had empty pockets and the sky was his roof. Karan's jet ensured that he could fly if he wanted. Raj could only depend on his two feet. Karan had a family and yet craved love. Raj had love to share, but craved a family. Karan was the eternal Casanova. Raj was the proverbial one-woman man. Karan had it all, and yet felt empty. Raj had nothing, but his heart was full. They were two people as different as can be. Yet they found a common ground. One that led to the glorious road of Friendship! Their bond was unshakable. If Karan gave Raj a home and all the material comforts, Raj gave Karan a shoulder and all the emotional security. If Karan supported Raj at every step, Raj covered up for all of Karan's misdoings. They laughed together, lied together, loved together and fought the odds together all in the name of friendship. Their blind faith in each other attracted the envy of the world. But it was this very world that never let them forget that theirs was not a relationship of equals. And how long could an unequal relationship sustain? Karan and Raj defied conventions proving that true friendship was above all such trivialities. But like a bolt out of the blue came a raging storm that threatened to sink the ship that housed the sentiments of the two friends. Was it ego? A misunderstanding? Or something more? Will it mean the end of their friendship? Will they succumb to it or will their bond survive the grueling test of time? Many talk about friendship. But only a few comprehend its sanctity. —
This is the story of Karan and Tanya. Karan is in love with Tanya but is too shy to tell her. One day Tanya witnesses the murder of a scientist by his evil twin brother, the underworld don Mehboob, and needs to flee the country. When Karan's friend coaxes him to track Tanya after she migrates to Dubai, he enlists the aid of a deceptive investigator, Rocky to track her down. Rocky ends up falling in love with her at first sight and tries to stop Karan from wooing her. Meanwhile, Tanya's physically disabled friend, Sanju also has a soft spot for her and tries thwarting Rocky's attempts at getting close to Tanya. The plot thickens when Don Mehboob and his gang track Tanya down in Dubai. —
Shyam and Makarand work as photographers in a commercial advertising agency. Both of them like to fool around with women, even though Makarand is engaged to be married to a doctor named Anjali. In order to outsmart each other, they two get into a competition of shooting a photograph, and Sam wins it, goes on a trip to the United States of America. Upon his return, he finds that Makarand is living a very enviable lifestyle with three of the most beautiful girls, who also work as air-hostesses. Sam meets them all, and finds out that the trio are unaware of each other, falls in love with Pooja; and begins several moves to upset Makarand lifestyle, and possibly get promoted as a Supervisor. —
Ishwar Chandra Thakur is living the good life, content with his loving wife Sumitra and son Adiya. There is but one thing which gradually comes to annoy Ishwar: his son's laziness and dependency on his father. When Adiya marries his father's enemy's daughter and gets her pregnant, Ishwar decides to teach his son a lesson in the poverty that he himself experienced and fought himself out of.
Anjali, living in Canada with her parents, hides her relationship to the musician Raja from her parents. When her sister dies during the birth of twins, she abandons her love, marries the widower Aditya and moves to New Delhi to become the new mother of her sister's children. Three years later, when Raja visits Delhi on his concert tour their love inflames again. —
A loner ex-cop driven by his need for vengeance, no one, nothing, is able to penetrate his shell. Not even the love of Meghna who hopes in vain that her love will make him forget his pain. As he drives his rickshaw through the streets of Bombay. Amjad still scours the thousands of faces on the streets looking for his brother Azhar who went missing years ago. Amjad tries in vain to hide his pain with his love for Hina. But how do you dilute the pain of such a personal loss? Ambition brought Avinash Kapoor to Bombay, the same ambition that drew Indu; the ambition to become a film star. To find glamor, fame, success and wealth. Instead they found each other. Ajit Rathor. Avinash Kapoor, Amjad, Three different men with three different missions. Find now that their worlds are linked by a secret which will change them forever. Three men are going to find that the very qualities that made them human; Hate. Sorrow. Despair. Love. Pain. Ambition. Hope. Are going to make them cross the line struggle to remain human. To remain Insaan..... —
Ranjyot, Amar and their widowed mother flee from Rampur after their friend, Karim, informs them that their village is about to be attacked by Muslim shortly after the 1948 partition of India and Pakistan. The threesome manage to survive and end up in Dharampur in Punjab. They are re-united with Karim when both brothers get married to Jeeto and Satwant. The third time Karim comes in contact with them is when he hears of Ranjyot and his son, Dalbir, go mysteriously missing during the 1983-84 reign of Sardar Bahadur Jorawar Singh, corrupt Indian politicians and police officers, and the move to instigate Sikhs against their Hindu brothers. —
Major General Amarjeet Singh (Amitabh Bachchan) is a dedicated officer for the Indian army. His son Lieutenant Commander Vikramjeet Singh (Bobby Deol) follows in his footsteps and joins the army. Amarjeet is extremely proud of Vikramjeet but tragedy strikes when Vikramjeet is killed in action. Many years pass, Vikramjeet's son Captain Kunal Singh (Bobby Deol) joins the army but has no intentions of remaining there. He instead plans to leave, settle abroad and earn lots of money. Amarjeet is disappointed with Kunal as he hopes his grandson would do something to honour his deceased father. Kunal comes across a desert party and sees Shweta Bhansali (Divya Khosla). It is love at first sight for him but she totally ignores him and does everything to avoid him. However she is doing this for a reason- she was once married. Shweta fell in love and married Major Rajeev Singh (Akshay Kumar), unfortunately he was deployed for action on his wedding day and he had to leave his newly wed bride. That was the last time she saw him. Rajeev has in fact been captured by Pakistani officers, when he refuses to give info on a military operation he is tortured. Eventually Rajeev and other POW's manage to escape. —
Successful businessman Raj Malhotra (Akshay Kumar) has everything going for him, including a lovely wife (Kareena Kapoor). Just when he thinks things can't get any better, Sonia (Priyanka Chopra) - his ex-girlfriend, now the boss's wife - walks back into his life - and she wants Raj. After he rejects her sexual advances, she accuses him of rape. But he soon turns the tables on Sonia and sues her for sexual harassment along with the help of his wife Priya. —
Murugan and his men approaches multi-millionaire Ratanlal to buy his plot of land so that they can construct a 5 star hotel. But Ratanlal refuses to sell thus he, his son Ravi and his daughter Seema are mercilessly killed by the duo. Ravi's wife Kavita believes that Ravi survives by doctor's miracle - unknown to her that Ravi is indeed dead but his body is taken over by a vigorous cobra who prepares itself to prey on all Ravi's enemies. —
Sunny rents a room in a City called Goa in India. His room-mate is Sameer, who likes to fool around with woman, then dump them. He eventually falls in love, then gets dumped. Sorrowful and repentant, Sameer also has had many misadventures, especially when he ended up slapping an elderly man. Now Sameer has fallen for his next door neighbor, Rani. Now Sameer has two problems to overcome in order to wed Rani. The first he has to eliminate his competitor, none other than Sunny himself, who is also in love with Rani, and will do anything to marry her; and the second is Rani's father, ironically the very man who Sameer had slapped earlier. Will Sunny end up getting married to Rani, leaving Sameer to repent for the rest of his life? —
Ajay gets married to his childhood friend Durga; who is illiterate unable to differentiate between the style of these days and that of long time ago. When Ajay is given the post as police inspector he re-locates to Bombay and later on encourages Durga to move into there new home. In this new environment Durga will meet with some women who are subjected to injustice by some influential people, the police and corrupt politicians. Watch when Durga attempts to defend the rights of these women how she will be maligned and what impact it will cause on her marriage life. —
Crime is at its highest peak in Mumbai with it split in three ways. Walia has one-third, Manik Rao has one-third and Roshni has a third of the Mumbai territory. The crime rate rises with more smuggling, trading and illegal activities soaring. Meanwhile, the CBI work constantly to stop this. Inspector Vikram is a failure of a police in life and tends to stick with the easy way. Appa is an encounter specialist who goes after the henchmen instead of the bosses, he has a wife Janki with whom they have a son. Const. Khaled is a happy-go-lucky cop. The three men's and the whole Crime branch's fate changes with the arrival of their new boss. DCP Hari arrives and realizes that the CBI are not serious and that the rules, regulations, and the very reason for joining the police force, have been thrown to the wind. With his girlfriend Kiran whom he'd promise he would marry on his mind, he does not first like the promotion to DCP and transfer to Mumbai, but later accepts it. He soon watches the brutality of the police (especially Appa) to the henchmen and orders them to be released. But during an encounter the henchmen kill Khaled, this awakens the fire trapped within Vikram. He decides to join Hari and help him clear the city starting with Yusuf Pathan. Appa soon joins them and soon headaches arises for Walia and his gang. During the climax Appa dies in a dramatic trap. Vikram and Hari get Walia, Manik,Hirachand and Roshni arrested and convicted for their crimes and then Mumbai is clean once again. —
Senior police officer Pandey is called in to train a new batch of trainee officers that the Indian police force wants to recruit. He does manages to induct some sense of fair-play in these officers and gets them assign to their place of duty; but these officers will find that there real life scenario are different and must deal with the world at large consisting of corrupt high-ranking police officers, dishonest politicians and gangsters. How they deal with them will shape their destinies. —
DCP Anant Shrivastav (Amitabh Bachchan) has been assigned the mission to escort terrorist Iqbal Ansari (Atul Kulkarni) from Chandangarh to Mumbai. His terrorist organization are determined to obtain him again. The plan for this is led by Yashwant Angre (Ajay Devgan), a ruthless killer and a former police officer. Anant's team consists of Inspector Shekhar Sachdev (Akshay Kumar), rookie cop Ashwin Gupte (Tusshar Kapoor) and two more inspectors. Soon Mahalakshmi (Aishwarya Rai) joins them as she is the only witness to have seen Yashwant. The team are armed and ready to go but danger lurks everywhere as the terrorist organization are determined to make sure the officers do not make it to Mumbai. The trip turns into survival when the team are attacked at various times. Finally the team make it to an abandoned cottage in the forest but there is a shoot out and the team are heavily outnumbered. Shekhar tries to force an exchange but against Anant's and Ashwin's judgement. Finally Ansari, after weeks of frustration, reveals that the terrorists are also out to kill him. He reveals a corrupt world involving the police and politicians. The officers soon realize the enemy they have been fighting is closer to them...In the end, Shekhar is killed by Mahalakshmi and her associate Angre. This killing spites anger into Anant and he hunts down each one of the corrupt officers and in the end, captures Angre after a fight during which, Despite Anant needing his medication often, he wins, and Angre is successfully captured. The movie ends as Angre is tried and sentenced to prison, and is being carried to his sentence; when he decides to flee, as a nut is lose in the bar to which he is handcuffed in the police van. Angre has Ashwin on gun point using a constable's rifle, when Ashwin reveals that Angre's lose nut was a setup to allow the killing of Angre, and that the bullets of the rifle had been emptied. Ashwin then shoots Angre, and reports his death as murder in an encounter. —
Young Raj Malhotra lives with his elder brother, Rohit; his bhabi, Kiran, and a niece. After an accident fractures his leg, he is unable to walk for some time. Due to psychological reasons, he cannot walk even after the fracture heals. When the Malhotras move to Dehra Dun, Raj befriends young Kajal, as both share a common passion for airplanes. Kajal encourages Raj to walk, and succeeds. Years later the two continue to be fast friends, and everyone expects them to marry soon. Then Raj is recruited by the Indian Air Force and goes for training for a year and a half. After his training gets over, he rushes to Kajal to propose to her, only to find out that she has given her heart to multimillionaire, Karan Singhania, who owns several airplanes and choppers. Raj congratulates Kajal and Karan, but does not reveal his true feelings. Thereafter the Malhotras move to Nainital, and Raj relocates to Europe for more training. It is here that he meets gorgeous and fun-loving, Jiya, who falls in love with him, and will do anything to marry him. She even re-locates to India, and lives with the Malhotras. Raj finally gives in to Jiya's persistence and agrees to marry her. A delighted Jiya takes Raj to introduce him to her parents, and this is where Raj will find out that her parents are none other than the Singhanias - the same family that Kajal had married into, and that Jiya is Karan's sister. A stunned Raj also finds out that Karan has passed away in a helicopter accident, leaving Kajal a mental wreck. Raj nurses Kajal back to normalcy, and rekindles his love for her. This does not go unnoticed by Jiya, and she forces Kajal to consent to getting married to her friend, Monty, so that she can have Raj for herself. The question remains will Raj give up his love for Kajal and marry Jiya, or will he end up breaking Jiya's heart and not marrying either one of them? —
After receiving pardon from his jail term Babu return home to find that his family consisting of his wife, Purnima, his son, Arjun and daughter Pooja are in a destitute way of living which then pushes him to release information to the police that he were concealing as his three gangster bosses Chhote Pathan, Rajoo Singh and D.K. Sharma fail to carry out their promise of taking care of his family. The duo then retaliates by beheading Babu in the presence of Purnima and in the process abducting Pooja resulting in Purnima losing her senses. 10 years later Arjun hopes to re-unite his mother with her daughter and goes about a quest to look for his sister but in order to make this possible he must first overcome all obstacles placed in his way by the three gangsters. —
Diyva and Karan Saxena are in love and plan to marry. Karan has a younger step-brother, Vivek Saxena who he looks after him as though he were his own brother. Divya and Vivek hang out with quite a few young people of their own age, Atul, Vijay, Prem, Ashok, Nita, Rashmi, Niki, and Priti, just to name a few. Two male members try to sexually molest Divya, and get a sound thrashing from Karan. After apologizing, these two members decide to avenge their beating and humiliation. After entrapping Divya, they sexually molest her to such an extent that Divya attempts to kill herself. Unknown to Divya, she was the lover of Kapil a snake with magical powers, in a previous life. Their love life was shattered by an angry sage who cursed them with separation until the 21st century. Divya, who was called Vasundhara in her previous life, dies after this curse, and is reborn as Divya. Now seeing Divya dying, Kapil swears to avenge her death by killing them one by one. Divya does die, but her spirit has survived and joins Kapil to avenge her humiliation and death, not against the two members, but against all the male members. Soon death visits the friends one by one, and no one can stop the killing. —
Vikrant and Gulab Khatri are brothers-in-law who hate each other, and it is only through Vikrant's dad, who is also a mafia underworld don, that an uneasy peace is maintained. But when he passes away, a vengeful Vikrant frames Gulab in the murder of a politician, forcing Gulab to flee to the United States. Once there, Gulab hopes to re-build his life, but this thought is in vain as his neighbors, the Acharyas, find out about him and the reward offered for his arrest - and create a mini-hell for him - forcing him to show his true colors to them - colors that may well lead to the demise of the entire family. —
Vijay Singh Rajput (Amitabh Bachchan) is a quirky manager of Vilasrao Jefferson Bank. He is extremely strict at work and believes in pushing his workers to the limit. This means that his superiors hold him in high regard for his unblemished reputation and excellent track record. But things go terribly wrong for the honest bank manager when he finds one of his own employees trying to con the customers. At this, he loses his temper and gets physical with the employee. This doesn't go down well with his superiors and they decide that Rajput is now a liability to the bank and they sack him. Amitabh can't believe the Board of Directors and his mind is filled with revenge and what better revenge than robbing the bank himself, ironic as it may sound. He decides that he must think of a plan that will hit the bank where it hurts the most - in its safe where all the money is kept. Rajput blackmails Neha (Sushmita Sen) to use her professional skills to help his plan, to train three blind men to rob the bank for him. Rajput then gets together a team of three blind men Vishwas Prajapati (Akshay Kumar), Arjun Verma (Arjun Rampal) and Ilias (Paresh Rawal) who will help him obtain his vengeance and make a heap of money at the same time. After gruelling training sessions, the three succeed in robbing the bank, but things go haywire. What happens next? —
Shiv (Abhishek Bachchan) and Pooja (Karisma Kapoor) are happily married to each other but sometimes can get into the most petty arguments coming from the way they approach life. Shiv takes each day as it comes whilst Pooja's imagination sometimes gets the best of her. Pooja falls in love with Shiv so much that she gives up her high rising career for him and settles as a housewife. Their in-difference gets worse and Pooja is soon convinced that Shiv has been unfaithful. Pooja asks for a divorce and leaves him. She carries on with life and meets Raj (Akshay Kumar). Raj has everything anyone could ask for: money, fame but not love something he has craved for some time. He falls for Pooja and she also begins to like him. They get engaged and as the wedding approaches, Shiv re-enters Pooja's life. Old feelings and emotions come rushing back and she finds herself torn between two men. Who does she choose...? —
Aadhar is a story revolving around Janaki Deshmukh, a young honest and responsible girl who is doing job to support her family. She lives with her father, mother, two brothers and a sister. One of her brother, Bandu is mentally challenged. As time passes, her college going sister falls in love with Narendra and Mangesh marries Shalaka. But after that Deshmukh family faces many issues due to changed behavior of Shalaka and Mangesh. Soon Mangesh leaves home with Shalaka, Janaki's father passes away, and she is left with her mother and Bandu. Her Boss loves her simplicity and dedication and wants to marry her. Akshay Kumar Plays a friend role in movie as a guest appearance and try to convince Janaki Deshmukh to marry his friend who is in love with her. will he able to convince janaki to marry her boss. —
A new couple get married and move to Switzerland. They make friends with their new neighbors Akshay Kumar and Bipasha Basu. Life seems perfect until one day when Raj wakes up in Vicky's house and finds out that Vicky's wife has been murdered. Raj is accused of the murder but flees from the authorities in order to prove himself innocent. —
Multi-millionaire Vijay Kapoor own and manages his factory which prospers yielding profits to provide a source of income for his family. After completing his studies abroad; Vijay's only son, Ajay join his dad's business. Upon the entry of Rajesh who proposes marriage to Vijay's daughter Priti things started to go hay wild for the family. Unknown to them that Rajesh have a motive to split their happy family apart and at the same time embezzle the estate and property. —
Wealthy, world-wide business-man Shyam Prasad Bharadwaj would like to get his only daughter, Rittu marry to his business-partner Dev Kumar Malhotra. But what Shyam is unaware of is Dev is not what he claims to be but merely a con-man who is in debt with local gangsters and to worsen matters he plans to do away with the entire Bharadwaj family so that he can embezzle their property and estate. —
Wealthy Anjali falls in love with poor Dev, both want to get married, but Anjali's family objects and instead get her married to equally wealthy Ram, who lives with his uncaring step-mother and siblings. Anjali finds out that Ram is not respected, but does not care as she does not love him. Ram continues to be affectionate toward her and his family, but Anjali cannot get Dev out of her mind. Then things change, when Ram decides to assert himself and asks his family to leave him and his wife alone. Anjali starts warming up to Ram, when Dev shows up - this Dev is not the poor Dev that Anjali once knew, this Dev is a multi-millionaire, scheming, and devious, and a Dev who will try to win Anjali over by hook or by crook. —
Baburao is a landlord in India, who is very near-sighted, and always in financial trouble. He has a tenant named Raja, who has not paid his rent for several months. He also has anther tenant named Shyam, who has come to the city to look for a job in his late father's place, but is unable to find employment. The three men quarrel amongst themselves frequently. Then one day, the three men get a phone call from a kidnapper named Kabira, and decide to make use of this phone call to overcome their financial problems - pretend to be the real kidnappers, increase the ransom amount, keep the incremental amount for themselves, and then give the original ransom demanded to Kabira. Will they get away with this idea? —

Sultan (Shakti Kapoor) adopted an orphan and named him Badshah (Akshay Kumar). Badshah grows up to be a criminal and his life was made difficult by Inspector Pradhan (Ashish Vidyarthi). Badshah's sidekick is Abdul (Ashutosh Rana). The only hope in Badshah's life is Sapna (Karisma Kapoor), whom he incidentally met. But circumstances lead Badshah to commit murder in public. During this experience, a child clangs to him and he took the child to Sapna. Before he could explain anything, Pradhan gets there and Badshah had to escape. He changed his name to Babu Lohar and becomes a blacksmith and loving father, to give the child a good future. However, after 7 years, he sees Abdul and Sultan again. Pradhan is still after him. When the child's parents find out about him, they ask Babu to return their child. Will he let the child go? Will the child go with his parents? —
CBI officer Reet Oberoi sought assistance from a jail convict Professor Aman Varma to bring Lajja Shankar Pandey; a religious fanatic to justice. Pandey is responsible for abducting children and sacrifice them. But Aman is not willing to co-operate with Reet and instead scuffs at her which leads her into serious problems not only by the police but with some public personalities and the parents of the children affected by Pandey's behavior. —
An orphan boy is adopted as an infant by Baba Thakur who gives him a name Balraj Dutt and treat him equally as a family member. Since then Balraj adores Baba Thakur as his mentor; when Baba Thakur gets murdered by Zorawar; Balraj swears to avenge this killing and bring up the grandson of Baba Thakur; Nihal with tender care. Balraj gets into an encounter with Zorawar leading to his arrest by the police. Years later when Zorawar is release from jail he will now go to any length to destroy Balraj. When Balraj gets wind of this he hires a personal bodyguard, Raj. But problem persists when Raj recognize Nihal as one of the assailants who mercilessly murdered and raped his sister - that does not end here as Raj wants Nihal dead at any cost. —
Worldwide crime bosses elect Devraj as the new chairman of their organization. This news gets to the police so much that when Inspector, Amit's childhood friend, Ravi is found dead and his sister, Payal is kidnapped the suspension goes towards Devraj. Searches conducted by the police at Devraj's locations meet with considerable progress when they manages to rescue Payal albeit in a critical state as well as arrest Devraj in the process. Devraj is placed before the court of law where-by he is sentenced to death as Payal testify against him. It was also found out that Payal and Devraj was once in love with each other while she happen to get an interview from him during her employment as a television reporter. Situation twists when a hospital patient who happen to be the uncle of Devraj convinces him as well as the law that he had been framed for someone else crime thus Devraj is acquitted and must now begin a quest to find out who framed him and why. —
Dayashankar witness the gun down of his friend Rajpal by his very own brother, Kalishnath. He then promises to rise his son, Amar and gets him marry to his only daughter, Pooja. 20 years later he is prepared to fulfilled his promise but Pooja confesses of her love with an airline pilot, Vijay. Dayashankar is not willing to accept this but changes his mind when Amar convinces him and the marriage of Pooja and Vijay is celebrated. A few days later Vijay goes for a flight whereby he meets with an accident and is believed to be dead. As for Pooja; she re-marries Amar and give birth to a child. It is not long after Vijay returns and gets to learn that his accident was planned. He must now find out who planned his death, the reason(s) behind and if at all he can get his revenge. —
Honest and diligent Police Inspector Jai Sharma suspects Mr. Singhal of being a hardcore criminal don, but is unable to apprehend him due to pressure from his superior officer, Police Commissioner Kalinath Gaur. Singhal's only daughter, Neha, is in love with Jai, and this news enrages Singhal as he wants her to marry Sanjay Gaur, the only son of the Commissioner, and he will not rest until he gets Jai killed, and will utilize every possible and available resource and influence to do this, which also includes exposing Gayetri's (Jai's mom) questionable past. —
Bangalore-based Police Inspector Amar, a reformed juvenile, convicted for knifing a male, is approached by Mumbai's Police Commissioner Vinod Talwar, and assigned the task of locating the killer(s) of a businessman, Khanna. Amar soon finds out that the culprit is none other than his childhood friend, Raja Lokhande. His attempts to reform Raja will be ridiculed, his life will be endangered and out of control when he will be given an ultimatum to arrange an 'encounter' killing of not only Raja, but also his other childhood buddies, Surya, whose sister, Pooja, is his childhood sweetheart; and Jaggu, Raja's brother - while the underworld, led by Lala Roshanlal, asks him to prove himself by killing a Police Inspector attached to Naigaon Police Station. —
Ajay and Dev are two small-time crooks. One day they accidentally killed a man named Mohan Tripathi. With a good and pleasant mind they find out the address of the decreased and pays a visit to his village. Only to see the young man's family eagerly waiting for his return from abroad, seeing the family's plight they decides to lie about the young man and told the family that he is alive but was delayed because of some urgent work. Days and months passed and Mohan did not showed up towards his family and both young men continues to lie to them. The question remain what will be the outcome of Ajay and Dev when the family learns that there son is no longer alive and that both are his killers? —
Mistakenly appointed as a college professor, happy-go-lucky Raja finds the rich girl of his dreams - but must confront a look-alike con man named Rocky to win her father's approval. The plot thickens when Raja pretends to be Rocky, and Rocky pretends to be Raja. But both does not know that this mistake will engulf them for years to come. —
DIL TO PAGAL HAI is the story of Rahul (Shahrukh Khan), who does not believe in love. Rahul fails to understand how two people can spend their lives together. It is the story of Pooja (Madhuri Dixit), who believes that there is someone who is made for her and she is destined to meet that person. It is also the story of Nisha (Karisma Kapoor) who believes that love is friendship and one day her dream will come true. Dil To Pagal Hai is a grand musical about passionate people with dreams. Will their dreams come true? Will they find their true love? Dil To Pagal Hai makes us believe that - someone - somewhere - is made for us. —
When his astrologer uncle (Satish Kaushik) predicts a favorable future for Raja (Akshay Kumar), he decides to nothing until the prediction comes true. When he meets Shalu (Juhi Chawla) the daughter of a millionaire (Kadar Khan) he decides his predicted future has arrived. However his lazy lifestyle does not meet with his future father-in-law's standards, and he insists that Raja does some hard work for a change. —
Honest and diligent police inspector Ram Yadav investigations into the burning to death of a female college student lead him to conclude that Janardan the son of notorious gangster, Appa Rao is guilty of this crime thus Ram arrests him but unfortunately before reaching the lock-up Janardan manages to escape. Not satisfy with this; the humiliation Appa faces began to dawn on him which forces him to strike back on Ram by killing his pregnant sister-in-law, Shakuntala and his brother, Raj. Ram then take the matter to court but due to the lack of substantial evidences Appa is acquitted of all charges lay on him. Frustration then prompts Ram to take the law into his hands by attacking Appa; the police then retaliate by opening fire on Ram which makes him a patient in the hospital with his condition being in coma. —
Inspector Arjun and his two siblings, Bhishma and Suraj are made targets when they decides to go against a notorious criminal gang who call themselves, 'Chamunda brothers'. The gang first kill Suraj when he attempt to expose their unlawful activities and then they attempt to split Arjun and Bhishma over their family properties, so that the gang can easily take advantage of the brothers enmity for each other by killing them at the right time. —
A gangster named Shah, owing allegiance to the Janardhan gang is killed by Chimanbhai. Although Janardhan is in prison, he ensures that Chimanbhai is notified of his anger and vengeance. Chimanbhai arranges a meeting with Janardhan, and kills him. Some school-children and their teacher, Aarti Singh, who are at a picnic nearby witness this, but Chimanbhai and his men hunt them down and kill them all. The entire country is shocked at this killing, and the police are under pressure to apprehend the killers at any cost. Aarti's brother who is Police Inspector Vikram Singh, also assists in finding out who the killer and gets his girlfriend, Divya, to pose as Aarti in order to lure the killers to come out into the open. This does get some results - albeit not the ones Vikram and Divya had hoped for and they are now on the run - not only from Chimanbhai's gangsters - but also from corrupt policemen, and an Member of Parliament, who is also involved, and will do anything within his power to ensure that both get killed. —
Customs Officer Bharat Srivastav lives with his wife, Sangita, a sister, Rajni and a small son, Bunty; he gets Rajni marry to police inspector, Gautam. His attempts to expose the criminal activities of a team of 5 who call themselves, "Shikari brothers", Dharma, Teja, Tinnu, Chinnu and Pappu are met with success especially when he manages to seize a truck-load of cocaine. The culprits are acquitted when the case is dismissed due to the arrangement of false eye-witnesses by the Shikari brothers. Then on another occasion Bharat manages to destroy a consignment of arms and ammunition belonging to the brothers which pushes them to abduct Bharat's family and held them as hostages until he comply with their wishes. When Bharat fail to comply he receive the dead bodies of his family members which make him openly challenge the Shikari brothers. Then they arrange to have him killed which is met with success and they celebrate only to find that one by one they are getting killed. Looks like a new enemy has raised up to take them down one after the other. —
Singhania big hearten Don who does not like to trade in drugs and other illegal business which does not go well with his rivals Dhaneshwar and Tejeshwar.Singhania's older son Raj is taking care of his business,While is younger son Prem is a Casanova.Dhaneshwar is killed by Singhania when he attacks on Raj.Kantiilal and Samsher trusted aide of Singhania's betray him and he gets killed by them and Tejeshwar.Raj and Prem now decide to take his legacy forward.Prem joins police force but is eliminating enemies of Raj.But soon realizes he is going against law and decides to part ways from Raj.Thus creating rift between the brothers. —
Khiladiyon Ka Khiladi is about the deadly game of survival in a ruthless world of crime & sleaze, Akshay (Akshay Kumar) who is an army officer on his way to the USA to attend his brother, Ajay's (Inder Kumar) wedding. On the flight meets Priya & Is is love at first sight for both of them but tragedy awaits Akshay in America. His brother is missing and is wanted by the American Police. Akshay's search for his brother leads him to the dangers Maya (Rekha) who is above even the American law. An untouchable. This starts a game of life and death. The player involved will have only one chance. —
Inspector Amar Varma is known within the Indian police force for his bravery in arresting many wanted criminals during his years of service. His adventures lead him on the trail of a petty con man named King who is known for looting various wealthy businessmen around the city. Then after various attempts Amar is able to ascertain King's where-about and goes to arrest him where-by he finds himself in a village being lord over by a powerful and influential gangster, Thakur Gajendra Singh who heads his own empire by enslaving the village men as well as killing any police officer who dare to oppose his rule. Now Amar must make a decision whether to oppose the Thakur and become another casualty or leave the Thakur to continue having his way with the villagers. —
Lallu (Akshay Kumar) is an orphan who was separated from his parents and his brother as a child and has been brought up by foster parents. He decides to travel to Bombay to look for a job and starts working as a loyal servant for rich businessman Jamna Das (Avtar Gill). One day he discovers Jamna Das's daughter Sunita (Mamta Kulkarni) drunk in a nightclub and takes her home. Jamna Das realizing how loyal Lallu is and how he never took advantage of Sunita in her drunken state decides to get Lallu married to Sunita. Sunita immediately refuses as she is in love with Amit (Mohnish Behl). When Jamna Das suddenly dies of a heart attack, his will and testament reveals that Sunita must get married to Lallu or she will not be entitled to any of his wealth and estate. Seeing no other option she marries Lallu but decides to have him killed with the help of Amit so that she can inherit all of her father's wealth for herself. Sunita and Amit succeed in their plan to kill Lallu by poisoning him and then putting him into a car and crashing it to make it look like he died in an accident. His death is considered suspicious and the case is assigned to Inspector Vijay Kumar (also Akshay Kumar) who also happens to be a lookalike of the supposedly deceased Lallu. Eventually it is discovered that Vijay is in fact the same person as Lallu and had faked his own death to put the blame on Amit. Why did he frame Amit? and will Amit be able to prove that Lallu and Inspector Vijay are same person? —
Unemployed and alcoholic wastrel Jai Kumar makes money by indulging in unlawful activities for people who are into shady doings. His life changes when he gives false testimony in court accusing an innocent photographer, Umesh of killing a newspaper editor, B.K. Sharma. Umesh's sister Sarita goes to plead to Jai and he agrees to help her find the real killers of B.K. Sharma. As they get closer and closer to the real killer, Jai and Sarita themselves become targets of the killer and must try and save themselves. —
Daata Guru (Amrish Puri) is a wealthy, powerful, and influential head of a village. He owns and controls all the villagers and their properties. Anyone who dares to raise their voice against him is crushed by his employee, Shankar (Dharmendra), and his sons, Guman (Gulshan Grover) and Karan (Akshay Kumar). When Daata Guru learns that Shankar has abducted his widowed daughter-in-law, Lakhsmi (Jaya Pradha), and has married her, he is enraged and wants Shankar dead. Daata Guru also instigates Karan against Shankar, and threatens the villagers to cut off their water supply if they do not turn in Shankar to him. What will Shankar do to protect his new wife and himself from the wrath of Daata Guru and his men? —
Five men, Vijay Kumar, his older brother, Ashwini, Captain, Sood, Ajay and Hariya - all of whom are victims of injustices join hands together to even scores by taking the law into their own hands after their frustrations reaches the limit when they fail to maintain law and order in their rightful capacity. —
Kailashnath is a wealthy widower, who lives in a palatial house with three grown sons, Randhir, Rajiv, Rishi, and a younger school-going son. He manages the business on his own, but would like his sons to also take an interest, in vain though, as all three have their own interest at heart (being a Bollywood actor, singing, and boxing) and no interest whatsoever in running a business or seeking employment. To add to this, Kailashnath must now contend with a new neighbor named Kaushalya, a widow, with three daughters (Komal, Kavita and Kanchan) and a rather plump maid-servant by the name of Guddi. It so happens that the daughters have similar interests as Kailashnath's sons. So the six match-up, romance, have fun, and would like to get married. Kailashnath refuses to permit his sons to get married until and unless they establish themselves and are able to stand on their respective feet. He, therefore, puts forth a proposal to marry Kaushalya - a marriage that will douse the romance of these three couples - and change their relation into those of brothers and sisters - but will it make them take any interest in employment and business? —
D' Souza witnessed a physical alteration between his friend Kishan and Tootie Shah. As a result of which his friend is killed and he is arrested and sentenced to jail. D' Souza struggles in jail in order to educate and brings up his friend's son. Years later the boy grows up to be a police officer, Vijay Sinha and is a brave police officer of the corrupt police department, who often gets into confrontation with Tootie Shah and is misunderstood. D' Souza wanted Vijay to take revenge on Tootie Shah but Vijay is under a wrong impression and will only ensure total destruction of his father's killer - none other than D' Souza himself. —
Judge Somnath lives with his wife, three sons, and a daughter. Two of his sons, Vikram and Mohan are married, while his daughter, Kaamna, and youngest son, Ravi, are of marriageable age. Somnath had wanted his sons to be a doctor, police officer, and a Judge. While Vikram is a surgeon, Mohan's a Police Inspector, & Ravi is now studying law and on his way to become a lawyer and then a Judge like his dad. This family does have a dark secret. Ravi is prone to losing his temper, so much so that he gets out of control, and has killed someone in his childhood. When Kaamna gets raped, the family are reluctant to tell Ravi. When they do they do convince him to control himself, while Mohan gets an arrest warrant for Vinod, Kaamna's molester. Things do not go smoothly in court as the matter is put off for several months and then Somnath and Kaamna are killed in a bomb explosion. Now Mohan and Vikram handcuff Ravi on their balcony while they finalize the funeral arrangements, and when they return Ravi is no longer there. And then the killings begin... —
Jaidev Anand is a celebrity, and lives a fairly isolated life. One day he comes to the rescue of a young woman, Vandana Acharya, and falls in love with her. Vandana respects him, but falls in love with another man, Abhimanyu. This news shatters Jaidev, but he decides not to tell Vandana anything. Then the jeep in which Abhimanyu and Vandana were traveling is attacked by an assailant named D.K., and as a result Abhimanyu gets killed. Jaidev is sorry for Vandana, but gets his hopes up enough to propose to her, and to his joy, she accepts. The plans are on for an early marriage, but before that could happen Vandana meets a single mother, Gayetri, and her son. It is then she finds out that Jaidev is already married, and also has a son. What possible reason could Jaidev have for not sharing this information with Vandana? —
Collegian Ajay Sharma was born on 2nd April 1968 and lives in Bombay with his widowed mom, Asha. He is friendly with fellow-collegian, the wealthy Raj Sinha, and both often end up getting beat-up by goons and Madhu (Raj's girlfriend) respectively. After they graduate from college, Raj's maternal uncle asks Ajay to bring his birth certificate so that he could make his passport and find work for him in a department store in Canada. Ajay goes home to look for his birth certificate, but is unable to locate. His mother makes a show of helping him, but instead tears a document and tosses it outside. Ajay puts the document together and finds out that his real name is Ajay Malhotra, his father, Dr. Ravi Malhotra, is still alive, serving a life sentence in prison for killing and stealing a patient's organs. Ajay questions his mother and finds out that his dad was framed by the hospital owner, Rai Bahadur. He and Asha meet Ravi in prison and swear to avenge his humiliation. He and Raj then set out to collect evidence - not knowing that Raj's dad, Dr. Sinha, was himself involved in Ravi's false conviction, and will not hesitate in joining forces with Rai Bahadur to eliminate all possible evidence, and if necessary kill both Ajay and Asha also. —
Vijay lives in village where people do not have enough water to drink ,Vijay decides to go to Bombay and purchase tube wells which will bring water to his village upon reaching Bombay Vijay's money gets stolen and he his left helpless one night he comes to aid of Amar whose beaten by goons soon they become friends and Vijay starts living with Amar,but what will happen when Vijay will find out that Amar is the same person who robbed his money. —
Karan (Ashkay Kumar), a police officer whose brother is murdered by ruthless gangster Goli (Shakti Kapoor). Despite his best efforts, the only witness, Mona (Shilpa Shetty), is also killed. But Karan's plans for revenge are interrupted when he's ordered to work with Deepak (Saif Ali Khan), a famous actor training for his next role as a cop. The mismatched pair catch a break when they discover a crude dancer who looks just like Mona (Shetty again), and together they hatch a wild plan to bring Goli to justice. —
Journalist Roma Singh is the daughter of a jailer. While taking a tour of the jail, she is molested by some of the inmates, and an inmate, Vishal Agnihotri comes to her assistance. She finds out that Vishal is in for four homicides, and decides to investigate further. She finds out, with the help of the owner of her publications, Jindal that Vishal was compelled to take the law in his own hands when the courts failed to punish the assailants of his sister and sweetheart. Soon, Vishal is released from prison, and begins to work for Jindal. It is then that he realizes that he has just walked from a walled prison, to an open prison, as the truth behind his release slowly but surely starts to dawn on him. —
Twins by birth, Jai and Kishen are separated when their police officer father is killed by criminal elements. While Jai is blind and is taught self-dense; Kishen is a career con man who would go to any length to get a quick buck. Jai and Kishen do get to unite and together they plotted to locate and take revenge on all wrong-doers especially the ones responsible for their dad's death - who are now the leading gangsters of the city. —
Sapna (Kajol) was a frequent visitor to the Saigal mansion as her father was the most trusted driver of the family. She envied the rich, and wanted to be like them. When she is reminded of her social status by the super rich brat Vicky Saigal (Saif Ali Khan), she leaves town to make something of herself. Now she is back as a successful and wealthy model and Vicky sees her in a different light and falls for her. The problem is that his elder brother Vijay (Akshay Kumar) is already in Love with the same girl. —
Assistant Commissioner of Police Ramakant Chaudhry lives with his wife, Revati and younger son, Vishaal. His eldest son Vikas was murdered by criminals who are still at large. Vishaal tends to be hot-headed and cannot stand injustice in any form which often gets him into trouble now and again. Ramakant's honesty and dedication towards his job starts to create problems for the criminals in Mumbai city so much that he eventually stands accused of killing one of his fellow officers, is arrested and placed before the court of law. In court, Ramakant is proved mentally unstable with orders to be confined to a mental asylum. The same day the police also arrests Vishaal for physically assaulting the Police Commissioner, Desai. Looks like a criminal gang is coming down heavily on the Chaudhry family to get them out of their way. —
Police officers Vijay and Vishnu vow to maintain peace in the country; however, things change when two gangsters become a threat to the country's security. It is up to Vijay and Vishnu to stop them.
Lieutenant Suraj Dutt successfully fails an arms dealing on the border.He soon comes on leave and goes to meet his sister Mini where he comes across Alka.Alka and Sooraj soon fall in love and get married life is going very cheerful to everyone in between Minnie's marriage gets arranged to Pankaj son of Gajraj Chaudhary.Suraj notices that Pankaj is the same person who was dealing with arms on the border and gets him and Gajraj arrested.Minnie is left broken heart but Vijay comes froward to accept her and their a marriage is arranged but before that Suraj has to leave for a mission.Few days later his father Yashpal Dutt ,Alka and Minnie get the news of Suraj's death from different people but all decide to keep it as a secret from everyone as his sudden death might shatter the family. —
Two friends Vikas Kumar Sabkuchwala and Sunil Choudhary decides to arrange the fake kidnapping of the two girls Ayesha and Mamta; they are in love with; so as to convince the girls father that they can make good son-in-law as well as meet with his demands at the same time. Only to learn that there plans goes hay-wild when the girls are kidnapped by international terrorist, Colonel Chikara - which changes their lives forever. —
Former freedom fighter, Sinha, has always believed in the rule of the law over violence. He watches in disapproval as Police Inspector Dawood Durani is arrested, charged with killing his wife, Shehnaz, the daughter of Mirza Lucknowi. He also watches with despair when his pupil, Kishan Kashyap, frequently loses his temper over not getting employed, and when he does get employed as a Police Inspector, shows arrogance and contempt of the law. Sinha's views change dramatically when he watches two women being murdered by a man named Balu. When he reports this matter to Inspector Deshmukh, he is told to check his vision as Balu was somewhere else during this incident. When Sinha persists and decides to approach higher authorities, his lovely daughter, Kavita, the girlfriend of Kishan, is abducted, his Journalist son, Amrit, is killed, and his daughter-in-law, Vimladevi, may well be in league with the killers. The question remains will Sinha still continue to hold his faith in law and order? —
Vishwanath Kashyap and Nirmaladevi are in love but circumstances forces Vishwanath to marry Lalita. Years later Vishwanath is the manager of a soft-drink factory and is the father to a son named Ajay unaware that Nirmaladevi give birth to his son, Vijay where-by she is the care-taker of a girls hostel while Vijay seeks employment and it is not long after he gets employed through Daulatram in his father's company. Vijay finds himself at loggerheads with Ajay and this gets him fired from his job. Daulatram again comes to his rescue only to get him employed in a company run by Santosh Kumar. Santosh Kumar who in reality is Bhogilal wanted of treason; is an old lover of Lalita who would want to use Vijay to the best of his advantage in settling scores with the Kashyap family. —
Multi-millionaire businessman Kailashnath Malhotra lives in his bungalow with his wife Sunanda and an only son, Anand. Kailashnath wants Anand to assist him in his business but Anand meets and fall in love with Sapna Saxena the only daughter of a widowed school teacher, Gayetri; Anand decides he will convince Sapna of his love and eventually she acknowledges his love and his parents decides to arrange their engagement but unfortunately on the day of the engagement the Malhotras feel humiliated when they turn up and the Saxenas door are closed under lock and key. They then decides that they will never accept Sapna but Anand is perplexed and wants some answers at any and all costs so he decides to approach Gayetri but she refuses to give any information. Eventually Anand gets to find out certain truth that will challenge Gayetri's widowhood and is determine to take a path that will strain relationships between him and his parents as well as throw his dad's business under tension and risk. —
Four friends Raj Malhotra, Boney, Neelam Chaudhary and Sheetal decide to play a practical joke on Sheetal's dad Kailash Nath. They telephone Kailash and tell him that his daughter has been kidnapped and demand a ransom of Rs. 200,000. Things seem to go according to plan until the police headed by Raj's elder brother Suresh Malhotra have been informed by Nath's servant. They manage to elude the police only to return and find that Sheetal has been stabbed to death with all the evidence pointing towards them. —
Mr. Bond, a police officer by profession has a record of bringing some of the toughest criminals to justice. Notorious criminal Dragon and his look-alike brother Daga begin abducting children and hold them as hostages so that he can demand huge sums of money from their parents for release. Mr. Bond takes on the case of apprehending Dragon and rescuing the hostages. —
Malti witnesses a physical altercation between her husband and Rai Bahadur Brijbhushan Sharma, as a result of which her husband gets knifed and killed. As she tries to take the knife out, the Police arrive, arrest her, and hold her in a cell. It is here that Brijbhushan visits her and warns her not to testify against him as he will kill her son, Raju. Malti accepts full responsibility of her husband's death, is found guilty, and sentenced to 14 years in jail. After her discharge, she is released and finds out that Raju is now known as Raja is very popular dancer and singer. She also gets to meet Radha and her brother, Dattu, who are looking after Raju, and hopes that her son will eventually marry Radha. She subsequently comes to know that Raju loves Priya, who is the daughter of none other than Brijbhushan. Malti is not ready to expose Brijbhushan as her husband's killer - she has other plans for him, and none of her plans include Priya as her future daughter-in-law. —
A woman whose entire family was murdered by a cruel landowner, vows that she will get her son and his daughter married someday.
The story is about Akshay (Gaurav) a youth. whose sister has been missing since long he wanders on the streets even at late nights in search of her. one day he befriends (Anamika) who helps him to search his sister with him but destiny has something different for both of them —
