A luxury hotel in Hong Kong is suddenly suspected of being the epicenter of the novel Coronavirus. Quarantined by local health authorities, customers find themselves isolated in the hotel, inevitably leading to relationship problems and many ups and downs.
Covert security company Vanguard is the last hope of survival for an accountant after he is targeted by the world's deadliest mercenary organization.
May 1960. Mount Everest, the second step under the cliff. The four members of the China Everest Climbing Commando are attacking the most difficult and most difficult "second step". This is their fifth assault. The first four failures have cost them too much physical strength - ...finally, the wind and snow stop the gap.
English traveller Jonathan Green (Jason Flemyng) receives from Peter the Great an order to map the Russian Far East. Once again he sets out for a long journey full of incredible adventures that will eventually lead him to China. The cartographer will unexpectedly face a lot of breathtaking discoveries, encounter bizarre creatures, meet with Chinese Princesses, and confront deadly martial arts masters, and even the King of all dragons, the Dragon King. What could be more dangerous than meeting eye-to-eye with Viy, except doing it again? What would be stronger this time, a staunch skepticism of the scientist or the old black magic that has seized power of Eastern lands? —
A legendary demon hunter (Jackie Chan), tracking down beasts that enter the human dimension, assisted by a lawman protégé and a motley group of friendly monsters.
When three runaways shack up in an abandoned general store, a supernatural correspondence connects them to many lives that were all touched by the owner of the store years before they were born.
A special-force agent/police officer is assigned to protect a young woman involved in a science experiment of longevity, from a gangster with an army of advanced technology who desires to obtain her power, while also having connections with him. —
The story of humble London businessman Quan (Chan), whose long-buried past erupts in a revenge-fueled vendetta when the only person left for him to love - his teenage daughter - is taken from him in a senseless act of politically-motivated terrorism. In his relentless search for the identity of the terrorists, Quan is forced into a cat- and-mouse conflict with a Irish government official (Brosnan), whose own past may hold clues to the identities of the elusive killers. —
Chinese archeology professor Jack (Jackie Chan) teams up with beautiful Indian professor Ashmita and assistant Kyra to locate lost Magadha treasure. In a Tibetan ice cave, they find the remains of the royal army that had vanished together with the treasure, only to be ambushed by Randall (Sonu Sood), the descendent of a rebel army leader. When they free themselves, their next stop is Dubai where a diamond from the ice cave is to be auctioned. After a series of double-crosses and revelations about their past, Jack and his team travel to a mountain temple in India, using the diamond as a key to unlock the real treasure. —
In December 1941, The railway from Tianjin to Nanjing in East China became a key military transportation route, heavily guarded by Japanese soldiers. Ma Yuan, a railroad worker and his group of freedom fighters find themselves on the wrong side of the tracks when they decide to ambush a heavily armed military train filled with desperately needed provisions. Unarmed and outnumbered, they must rely on their wits to battle an entire army. —
Still blaming himself for the untimely demise of his best friend after nine long years, the veteran Hong Kong police detective, Bennie Chan, still finds himself on a wild-goose chase, trying to expose the elusive criminal kingpin known only as "The Matador". So far, nothing has changed, and Bennie's main suspect--the corrupt entrepreneur, Victor Wong--is, above all, legally untouchable. However, when Samantha--his late partner's only daughter--has a brush with the mob, Bennie will have no other choice but to seek help from an improbable ally: the flamboyant American gambler, Conor Watts, who has serious problems of his own with the Russian mafia. Now, the unlikely duo must cross the vast landscapes of Mongolia and the Gobi Desert to return to Hong Kong in one piece, as the Matador is still unknown. Will Bennie ever find the hard evidence he needs to put him once and for all behind bars? —
When corrupt Roman leader Tiberius arrives with a giant army to claim the Silk Road, Huo An and his group of trained warriors teams up with an elite legion of defected Roman soldiers led by General Lucius to maintain the delicate balance of power in the region. To protect his country and his new friends, Huo An gathers the warriors of thirty-six ethnic nations together to fight Tiberius in an incredible epic battle. —
Whereas three old friends work together in a fire station in Hong Kong, a fire breaks out in a rundown residential block on Christmas' Eve, threatening to plunge the whole city into darkness if it spreads to a to a nearby power plant supplying natural gas. Politics, competition and distrust between the firemen of the Pillar Point Division are to be expected. —
A man looking for the release of a long-time prisoner takes a police officer, his daughter, and a group of strangers hostage.
A story centered on a company that grants wishes to people looking for a day away from their ordinary lives.
Asian Hawk () leads a mercenary team to recover several lost artifacts from the Old Summer Palace, the bronze heads of the 12 Chinese Zodiac animals which was looted by foreigners in the 1800s. Assisted by a Chinese student and a Parisian lady, Hawk stops at nothing to accomplish the mission. —Immanuel Ambhara
At the beginning of the 20th century, China is in a state of crisis. The country is split into warring factions, the citizens are starving, and recent political reforms have made matters worse, not better. The ruling Qing Dynasty, led by a seven-year-old emperor, and his ruthless mother, Empress Dowager Longyu is completely out of touch after 250 years of unquestioned power. Huang Xing has recently returned from Japan, where he has studied the art of modern warfare. When he finds his country falling apart, he feels he has no choice but to pick up the sword.
China is plunged into strife as feuding warlords try to expand their power by warring over neighboring lands. Fuelled by his success on the battlefield, young and arrogant Hao Jie sneers at Shaolin's masters after killing a rival warlord on their temple grounds. But the glory comes before a fall. His own family is wiped out in an unexpected turn of events and Hao is forced to take refuge with the monks. As the civil unrest spreads and the people suffer, Hao and the Shaolin masters are forced to take a fiery stand against the evil warlords. They launch a daring plan of rescue and escape. —
12-year-old Dre Parker has moved to China, and finds himself like a fish out of water. He befriends a fellow classmate, Mei Ying, only to make a rival, Cheng, who starts to bully and attack Dre. Soon, Mr Han, the maintenance man of Dre's apartment, fends off Cheng and his friends when they are attacking Dre and signs Dre up to fight in the Kung Fu tournament in return for the bullies laying off of Dre. Dre realizes Mr. Han is much more than a maintenance man, when he's revealed as a master of Kung Fu and Dre soon learns that Kung Fu is about self defense and peace, instead of violence and bloodshed. —
Two armies clash in ancient war-torn China; none survive but a young general from a royal house and a farmer foot soldier who binds the fallen leader to take him home and claim a reward. Many stand in their way: an abandoned songstress, the noble's own murderous younger brother, desperate beggars, rough slavers, and the pair's own differing agendas. Through it all, a bond forms between the two, and what will happen at journey's end becomes anyone's guess. —
Former CIA spy Bob Ho takes on his toughest assignment to date: looking after his girlfriend's three kids (who haven't exactly warmed to their mom's beau). When one of the youngsters accidentally downloads a top-secret formula, Bob's longtime nemesis, a Russian terrorist, pays a visit to the family. —
Inspired by true events, Founding of a Republic weaves a rousing tale of one man who fought against the tyranny of a ruler and led his people in battle in the ultimate sacrifice for his country.
Jackie Chan is the undefeated Kung Fu Master who dishes out the action in traditional Jackie Chan style. When a young boy sets out to learn how to fight from the Master himself, he not only witnesses some spectacular fights, but learns some important life lessons along the way. —
In China, the poor worker Tietou repairs tractors and misses his sweetheart Xiu Xiu, back in Japan, she having never sent any news to her family or him. While illegally emigrating to Japan, Tietou loses his Chinese documents and so cannot return to his country. He is welcomed by his countrymen who lodge and work in Shinjuku where they also help him to find illegal work. While running from a police raid through the sewage system where Chinese are illegally working, Tietou saves Inspector Kitano from drowning in the dirty water. Later, after an incident with his cousin, Joe, and a Taiwan gang, Tietou saves the powerful Yakuza boss Toshinari Eguchi. He is the husband of Xiu Xiu, who is now called Yuko and are parents of a little daughter. The mobster offers a dirty job to Tietou; in retribution, he promises to deliver the quarter dominated by the Taiwan gang to him. Tietou becomes the boss of the Chinese illegal immigrants. But his peaceful methods make him unpopular and Tietou starts to lose control over his men which escalates into a giant gang war. —
An American teenager who is obsessed with Hong Kong cinema and kung-fu classics makes an extraordinary discovery in a Chinatown pawnshop: the legendary stick weapon of the Chinese sage and warrior, the Monkey King. With the lost relic in hand, the teenager unexpectedly finds himself traveling back to ancient China to join a crew of warriors from martial arts lore on a dangerous quest to free the imprisoned Monkey King. —
Almost three years after their last adventure in , Carter is now working as a Los Angeles traffic officer, while his friend and ace Hong Kong Police inspector, Lee, escorts the Chinese Ambassador, Han, to the World Criminal Court, to disclose crucial information about the Triads. However, after a botched assassination attempt, the mismatched duo will find themselves in picturesque Paris, struggling to retrieve a precious list of names, as the murderous crime syndicate's henchmen try their best to stop them. Once more, Lee and Carter must fight their way through dangerous gangsters; however, this time, the past has come back to haunt Lee. Will the boys get the job done once and for all? —Nick Riganas
For never-do-well compulsive gambler Fong, there's only one thing more fearsome than debtors at his doorstep - having to coax a crying baby. But what if the baby becomes his golden goose to fend off his debtors? Can he overcome his phobia of diapers, milk bottles, and cloying lullabies? —
Martial arts legend Jackie Chan stars as Jack, a world-renowned archaeologist who has begun having mysterious dreams of a past life as a warrior in ancient China. When a fellow scientist enlists his help locating the mausoleum of China's first emperor, the past collides violently with the present as Jack discovers his amazing visions are based in fact. Assisted by the spirit of a noble princess... —
Inspector Wing of the Hong Kong Police Force has become the victim of a gang, led by the evil Joe. When his entire team is killed, Wing becomes a hapless drunk, feeling guilty for the deaths of his team. A young man with a troubled past pretends to be a police officer working on the case with Wing, to get him back on his feet and begin an adventure to get revenge on the evil Joe and his Gang of Five, especially when it becomes personal. —
A cruel empress, a place where men are subservient to women. The empress' reign is disturbed by a prophecy saying a boy will rise to become king, and restore the male regime. Char, a humble boy, is born to be emperor. He and his adopted brother, Leaf, perform in a traveling show run by their adopted father, Blackwood. Thanks to their friend, Lao, the pair receive a stone with a map engraved on it. They set out on a quest for the treasure that the map is supposed to reveal. Two lovely yet lethal female warriors, Blue and Spring, join the boys on their journey. The youngsters encounter various challenges before they meet General Lone, a master swordsman who seeks to overthrow the empire. To do so he must first duel the Lord Of Armour. —
An adventurer, Passepartout, ends up accompanying time-obsessed English gentleman, Phileas Fogg, on a daring mission to journey around the world. Fogg has wagered with members of his London club that he can traverse the world in 80 days. Along the way, they encounter many interesting 19th Century figures and have many exciting and suspenseful situations in their voyage around the world. —
Georgie is handsome, stylish, and charming, but he's gay, and his old-fashioned father is the leader of one of Hong Kong's powerful Triads. Should Georgie's lifestyle get out, his father's position would be in jeopardy. So he sends Georgie away until after his death. But things don't go as planned.
Eddie, an indomitable Hong Kong cop, is transformed into an immortal warrior with superhuman powers after a fatal accident involving a mysterious medallion. Eddie enlists the help of British Interpol agent Nicole to determine the secret of the medallion and face down the evil Snakehead who wants to use its magical powers for his own nefarious plans. —
It's a high-kicking battle on the dark side when an ace vampire slayer and his beautiful sidekicks wage the ultimate martial-arts showdown with one of the most dangerous of the undead.
When a Chinese rebel murders Chon's estranged father and escapes to England, Chon and Roy make their way to London with revenge on their minds. Chon's sister, Lin, has the same idea, and uncovers a worldwide conspiracy to murder the royal family but almost no one will believe her. —
Jimmy Tong is just a lowly chauffeur for millionaire Clark Devlin, until Devlin has an accident that puts him in the hospital. Tong is sent back to fetch some things for Devlin and unknowingly tries on Devlin's tuxedo and finds that it gives extraordinary powers to anyone that dons the suit. This discovery thrusts Tong into world of international intrigue and espionage and pairs him with an inexperienced partner. —
It's vacation time for Det. James Carter and he finds himself alongside Det. Lee in Hong Kong wishing for more excitement. While Carter wants to party and meet the ladies, Lee is out to track down a Triad gang lord who may be responsible for killing two men at the American Embassy. Things get complicated as the pair stumble onto a counterfeiting plot by L.A. crime boss Steven Reign and Triad Ricky Tan, an ex-cop who played a mysterious part in the death of Det. Lee's father. Throw in a power struggle between Tan and the gorgeous but dangerous Hu Li and the boys are soon up to their necks in fist fights and life-threatening situations. A trip back to the U.S. may provide the answers about the bombing, the counterfeiting, and the true allegiance of sexy customs agent Isabella. Then again, it may turn up more excitement than Carter was looking for during his vacation. —
This action movie unfolds with the story of Bei, a salesman at a workout equipment store, who harbors dreams of adventures. It all starts when on one normal dull day, Bei follows his instincts to trail two suspicious looking men into an alley. When he realizes that these men are robbing a jewelry store, he jumps into action to foil their plans. Soon after Bei meets Liu, a private investigator who convinces Bei that he may be the long-lost son of a rich Korean businessman. In no time, Bei is on his way to fulfill his dreams of adventure and fortune traveling to Korea and even exotic Turkey. As Bei is drawn deeper into the game of cat and mouse, he realizes he has become the key to locating a new, highly addictive narcotic. With an assortment of characters fighting him along the way, will Bei succeed in finding the drug himself? —
A 19th century Western. Chon Wang is a clumsy Imperial Guard to the Emperor of China. When Princess Pei Pei is kidnapped from the Forbidden City, Wang feels personally responsible and insists on joining the guards sent to rescue the Princess, who has been whisked away to the United States. In Nevada and hot on the trail of the kidnappers, Wang is separated from the group and soon finds himself an unlikely partner with Roy O'Bannon, a small time robber with delusions of grandeur. Together, the two forge onto one misadventure after another. —
A Taiwanese girl named Bu has just been proposed to. While pondering the proposal, she finds a message in a bottle which inspires her go to Hong Kong to meet the guy, Albert, who wrote the message. However, she finds out that Albert is gay. A successful playboy businessman CN, and Howie have been rivals in love and business since school days. Howie finds out that CN is dating his girl and also trying to take over his company. Howie tells his guys to teach CN a lesson. Bu happens to be there and saves CN, but decides to fake her identity and scheme to make him fall in love with her. In the meantime Howie, who wants to teach CN a humiliating lesson, hires a highly trained foreign fighter to beat him. —
Cultures clash and tempers flares as the two cops named Detective Inspector Lee a Hong Kong Detective and Detective James Carter FBI, a big-mouthed work-alone Los Angeles cop who are from different worlds discovers one thing in common: they can't stand each other. With time running out, they must join forces to catch the criminals and save the eleven-year-old Chinese girl of the Chinese consul named Soo Yung. —
Jackie Chan, a top secret militant soldier, crashes into the South African jungle after his mission of kidnapping three scientists (who were experimenting with a powerful mineral) has gone awry. Waking up in a village of local natives, Chan has no memory of who he is, thus being addressed as "Who Am I". His journey with aid from two female sidekicks to find out his identity leads him all the way to Rotterdam where he coincidentally discovers the location of the organization that kidnapped the three scientists. With no memory, Chan is thirsty for answers by any means necessary. —
Director Alan Smithee comes to Hollywood to make a movie. Due to a variety of factors, he decides to disown it and direct it under a pseudonym. Unfortunately, the Director's Guild requires that if a director disowns a movie in this fashion, he *must* use the official Director's Guild pseudonym...which happens to be Alan Smithee. —
In Melbourne, the Chinese Chef Jackie has a successful show on television. The drug lord Giancarlo and his gang are dealing cocaine with The Demons gang, but they fight against each other. During the shooting, the snoopy reporter Diana and her partner are accidentally exposed and they flee with a VHS tape with the footage of the negotiation. On the street, she stumbles with Jackie and he helps her fighting against the gangsters. When they are escaping in his car, her tape accidentally mixes with other videotapes that Jackie has in a box on the backseat of his car. Jackie goes to his apartment and meets his girlfriend Miki while his nephews "borrow" the tape to watch. Meanwhile Giancarlo's gangsters are looking for the tape and abduct Miki. Jackie's friend Romeo, who is a police detective, chases the gangsters with other policemen while Jackie teams up with Diana and his friend Lakisha to release Miki from Giancarlo. —
Jackie, a cop, participates in a sting operation on an international spy-ring. But when one of them (Tsui) gets away, Jackie is ordered to apprehend him. This leads Jackie all over the globe starting with Tsui's sister in Australia. The story follows him as he tries to stay alive and capture the villain. —
Jackie plays Foh, an expert mechanic who has returned from Japan after a master course at Mitsubishi Motors. He runs a small business in Hong Kong along with his father and two sisters. In his spare time, he also helps the police out by checking cars that have been illegally upgraded. One night, psychotic street racing driver Warner Krugerman, aka Cougar, speeds past Foh and the cops. Foh gets into a car and stops Cougar heroically. Cougar lands in jail, but breaks out eventually. He gets revenge on Foh by trashing his business and kidnapping his sisters. The only way Foh can get his sisters back is by racing cougar in Japan. He now must retrain himself in race car driving so he can be at his best to race Cougar. —
Keong comes from Hong Kong to visit New York for his uncle's wedding. His uncle runs a market in the Bronx and Keong offers to help out while Uncle is on his honeymoon. During his stay in the Bronx, Keong befriends a neighbor kid and beats up some neighborhood thugs who cause problems at the market. Meanwhile, one of those petty thugs in the local gang stumbles into a criminal situation way over his head. Blinded by greed, his involvement draws his gang, the kid, Keong, and the whole neighborhood into a deadly crossfire. When the lazy cops fail to successfully resolve matters, Keong takes things into his own hands. Needless to say, much spectacular kung-fu and outrageous action sequences follow.... —
Returning home with his father after a shopping expedition, Wong Fei-Hong is unwittingly caught up in the battle between foreigners who wish to export ancient Chinese artifacts and loyalists who don't want the pieces to leave the country. Fei-Hong has learned a style of fighting called "Drunken Boxing", which makes him a dangerous person to cross. Unfortunately, his father is opposed to his engaging in any kind of fighting, let alone drunken boxing. Consequently, Fei-Hong not only has to fight against the foreigners, but he must overcome his father's antagonism as well. —
As a crime wave sweeps through Hong Kong, the police call on Jessica Yang, a rising star in their ranks, to help stop a notorious gang of thieves.
A dark and handsome true-crime thriller about kidnapping and police corruption in Hong Kong. Once of Jackie Chan's most serious roles, but still overflowing with spectacular acrobatic sequences. —
While searching for the daughter of a Japanese publishing magnate, private investigator Ryu Saeba and his assistant Kaori are caught up in the middle of a cruise liner highjacking. It's up to Ryu to save the day...but can he do it on an empty stomach? —
A Hong Kong police officer, Ka Kui is sent undercover to mainland China to break up a drug smuggling ring. After breaking the brother of the drug lord out of prison, he and another agent (a beautiful communist policewoman) are taken to Hong Kong to work for the syndicate. The wife of the crime boss has been arrested in Malaysia for drug trafficking and is soon to be executed. However, she is the only person who knows the account number of a secret Swiss bank account containing millions in drug money. While the two officers are in Malaysia preparing for the jail break, Ka Kui accidentally runs into his girlfriend May, who has traveled there from Hong Kong. Soon his cover is blown, the criminals kidnap his girlfriend and he is forced to help them pull off the jail break. —
On holidays in Hong Kong, Mrs Ma gives birth to identical twins. A criminal in the same hospital attempts to escape, taking one of the twins hostage. The child is lost during the confusion, and Mr and Mrs Ma return to New York with one child. Years later, John Ma is a famous conductor and pianist, unaware that his twin brother "Boomer" is a mechanic/race car driver/bodyguard in Hong Kong. When John travels to Hong Kong to give a concert, the twins get caught up in each other's business, about which they are anything but experts. —
A monk from Tibet is sent to Hong Kong by his master. He is to recover a magical bottle to which he has the cap from a lawyer. When these items were united long ago they protected Tibet from invasion by the evil Black Section of Esoteric Buddhism. The monk meets and protects a woman who is acting as the agent for the lawyer, and the Black Section fight to gain the magical bottle for themselves. —
Agent Jackie is hired to find World War II Nazi gold hidden in the Sahara desert. He teams up with three bungling women (the three stooges?) who are all connected in some way. However, a team of mercenries have ideas on the ownership of the gold. A battle and chase ensues as to who gets there first. Lots of choregraphed Kung Fu and quirky Chan humor. —
Someone in a prison run by a corrupt warden fakes the deaths of convicts to later use them as expendable assassins. A police officer is sent into the prison to gather evidence of the corruption. —
Jackie Chan's Hong Kong variation of Frank Capra's "A Pocketful of Miracles" set in the 1930s. Jackie plays a country boy who rescues a gang boss. Jackie becomes the head of a gang through the purchase of some lucky roses from an old lady. Jackie and a singer at the gang's nightclub try to do a good deed for the old rose-seller when her daughter comes to visit, all this while battling a rival gang. —
Despite his success at apprehending criminals, Kevin Chan's unorthodox approach to his work as a police officer sees him demoted to the traffic branch. Despite this, the man he put behind bars is now out of prison, and has vowed to make his life a misery. While this crime boss his harassing Kevin and his girlfriend, the police are contemplating reinstating Kevin to help them fight a group of bombers attempting to extort $10 million from building owners. —
Jackie Chan stars as a hot-shot lawyer hired by a Hong Kong chemical plant to dispose of opposition to their polluting ways. But when he falls for a beautiful woman out to stop the plant, Jackie is torn in a conflict of interest and asks his trusty friends Samo and Biao to help out at least until they discover the true purpose of the plant. —
Dragon Ma is back, having rid the seas of the dreaded Pirate Lo. Back on land, he is assigned to the police force, where he is to clean up corruption and crime in a local suburb. Along the way, he is caught up in the fate of several Chinese patriots attempting to secure sympathy and support for their revolutionary cause. The Chinese Manchu government is after these revolutionaries, and anyone that stands in their way is in trouble, even if they are in the police force. —
Jackie Chan plays an ex-singer-turned-fortune-hunter, whose ex-girlfriend is kidnapped by an evil cult. Her fiance, an old friend of Jackie's, turns to him for help - as the kidnappers intended... lots of cooool, Jackie style action and laughs. —
Sing is an ex-con who's supposed to dig up the buried loot of his three still-jailed buddies, but when he gets to it, he finds that the treasure chest is full of rocks. The other three are convinced that Sing stole the goods for himself.
Kevin Chan (aka Jackie) is a Hong-Kong cop, who scores his first big hit by virtually single-handedly capturing and arresting a big drug- lord. Of course, the drug-lord isn't too happy about this, and frames Kevin with the murder of another cop (who happened to be on the take). Kevin has to clear his name, whilst keeping himself from getting killed or arrested, and keeping his girlfriend from leaving him. —
Story of a cop who forsakes his dreams of sailing around the world so that he can care for his mentally disabled brother. Innocently caught up in a gangland fight, the brother is kidnapped to force the cop to turn over a police informant. —
A police informant sent a letter containing sensitive information on an illegal drug operation to his friend, Yi-Ching. While on vacation in Thailand, the informant is assassinated by the drug lord's henchmen and, to cover-up their operation, they attempt to eliminate Yi-Ching and double-agent Lau. Back in Hong Kong, police detectives Muscles and Ricky Fung are assigned to protect Lau and Inspector Barbara Woo is assigned to protect Yi-Ching. She takes her to the hideout of the "Five Lucky Stars" and also enlists their help in bringing down the drug operation. —
Billy Wong is a New York City cop whose partner is gunned down during a robbery. Billy and his new partner, Danny Garoni, are working security at a fashion show when a wealthy man's daughter, Laura Shapiro, is kidnapped. The Federal authorities suspect that Laura's father is involved with Mr. Ko, a Hong Kong drug kingpin, so the NYC police commissioner sends the two cops to Hong Kong to investigate. Once in Hong Kong, the pair causes no end of trouble for both Mr. Ko and the local authorities. —
Two Hong-Kong cops are sent to Tokyo to catch an ex-cop who stole a large amount of money in diamonds. After one is captured by the Ninja-gang protecting the rogue cop, the other one gets his old Orphanage gang, dubbed the "Five Lucky Stars," to help him. They don't like this much, but they do it. —
Cousins Thomas and David, owners of a mobile restaurant, team up with their friend Moby, a bumbling private detective, to save the beautiful Sylvia, a pickpocket. Action and humor abound in the streets of Barcelona, culminating with a battle in the castle hideout of the evil gang. —
The Sheik who competed at the last Cannonball Run, is berated by his father for not winning it. So he tells him to go and win. Problem is that there is no Cannonball Run. So his father tells him to make one of his own. He puts up a million dollars as the prize. So former Cannonballers J.J. and his buddy Vince join, as does Blake and Fenderbaum and some other characters. But Blake and Fenderbaum owe a mobster some money, and the mobster owes some other guy more. He then decides to grab the Sheik and hold him for ransom so he can pay the guy back. —
Chau and Beethoven, two Hong Kong police detectives, go through misadventures to protect a young girl from a ruthless crime lord, as she possesses a ledger that contains all of the gangster's activities. In the mix is a tough, no-nonsense policewoman, who falls for one of the detectives. —
In late 19th Century Hong Kong the British may rule the land, but the pirates rule the waters. Reluctantly, the Coast Guard is given money to fight these pirates, but the pirates themselves have many contacts (that is, bribed officials) in the government, and seek to thwart the Coast Guard's efforts to eliminate them. One Coast Guard officer is Dragon Ma, who is determined that his beloved Coast Guard will not be made fools of. —
Five friends are released from prison and do their best to stay out trouble. Trying to mind their own business (and run their Five Star Cleaning Service), they are unfortunately caught up in a war between rival Triad gangs fighting for control of the counterfeit currency market. —
A pair of evil kung-fu artists, Heaven and Earth, are slaughtering the entire Yin-Yang brotherhood. The movie opens with two members of the brotherhood and their two male children being chased by Heaven, Earth, and miscellaneous bad guys. The two members get away separately with their children. Twenty years later, we see Chan Lung (Jackie Chan) as he hunts frogs and snakes and keeps them in his pants. You learn he was one of the boys. The other is a lazy man who uses windmill-driven levers to deliver things to and from bedside, even a chamberpot and breakfast. Eventually, their respective paternal figures are killed, and they are forced to fight Heaven and Earth. —
Similar to "The Dirty Dozen" or one of that nature. Japan is trying to take over the world and the generals of the allied forces trying to stop the Japanese have been taken prisoner. A force of loners and fighters is put together to try and rescue the generals and save the war effort with the promise of gold and/or pardons of past crimes. —
The adventures of a restless martial arts student called Dragon, who, while constantly pursuing a girl, gets involved in the affairs of a gang of thieves.
This comedy movie brings Burt Reynolds, Sir Roger Moore, Farrah Fawcett, Dom DeLuise, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis, Jr. and an all-star cast to the starting line of the ultimate auto race, a madcap cross-country scramble that roars full-speed ahead. This action-comedy was inspired by an actual event: the Cannonball Baker Sea-To-Shining-Sea Memorial Trophy Dash, an anything goes, all-stops-out, and very much illegal, competition that has grown to legendary proportions within the last ten years. —
A young Asian-American martial artist is forced to participate in a brutal formal street-fighting competition.
After failing his fellow students in a Lion Dance competition, Dragon (Jackie Chan) is sent away from his school in disgrace, on the condition that he must find his errant brother. Much martial arts mayhem and mistaken-identity silliness ensue. —
After the death of his master, martial arts student Tong Huo-wan travels with his adoptive family to seek redress from the man responsible but finds himself torn between righteousness and filial piety after becoming entangled in a feud between a local clan and gangsters. —
Shing Lung (Jackie Chan) is a youngster, living in a remote village with his grandfather who teaches him Kung-Fu. He keeps getting into fights, even though his grandfather warns him not to show their Kung-Fu to others. Lung, though, is tempted by some thugs he beat up to act as the Master of a Kung Fu school. This school's name apparently spreads far, as an old enemy of Lung's grandfather shows up and attacks him. Lung goes on training with the help of another member of the old gang, until he can eventually get revenge. —
Lee Ching Lung has survived the dishonorable attempt on his life by the Japanese and is recovering with the help of a poor farmer. The Japanese general learns this and is determined to kill everyone in the way of disposing of Lee.
Jackie Chan plays the part of the class clown in a shaolin temple whose deadliest secret is stolen. All is lost until Jackie's character discovers the dancing blue ghosts with bright red hair who haunt the library. —
A worried father hires a renowned martial artist known as Beggar So to discipline and train his rowdy son Chan. The trainer's reputation of his excruciating methods scares Chan n he flees home. He tries to run away from a restaurant without paying the bill after enjoying a hearty meal. He is beaten by the restaurant's bouncer but gets saved by an old drunken beggar who turns out to b Beggar So. Later aft escaping the restaurant, Beggar So tries to train Chan but due to his rigorous methods, Chan runs away n later gets into a fight with a deadly assassin who beats n humiliates Chan. The assassin makes Chan crawl on the ground n spares his life by degrading him. The humiliation makes Chan flee the scene and he later approaches Beggar So to train him. —
Mostly a Kung-fu showcase; a loose script describes Jackie Chan's character learning Kung-fu from a beggar-master and his pupil while guarding a caravan from bandits. Chan's early comedic beginnings are shown here. —
A local Kung Fu expert is hired to form a team of guards to escort an dying man to a doctor. In order that they reach the doctor in time, they must pass through the "Stormy Hills", which are plagued by bandits, savages, evil monks, and more. —
A book developed by eight martial arts masters before their mysterious disappearance is being sought by various clans and gangs. The inscrutable Xu Ying-feng is pursued by them for both this and answers but is in pursuit of someone himself. —
Chien Fu (Jackie Chan) is a boy who is used as a janitor at his kung fu school. Fu can't fight and is always getting bullied by the teachers and pupils. One day, an old man helps Fu train in an art of kung fu called the "Snake's Fist". Fu doesn't get bullied again. Then Fu creates his own style and mixes it with the Snake's Fist. His style is based on the movement and actions of a cat. One day, the old man is in trouble by a man who does "The Eagle's Claw", and Fu helps the old man. —
Young Master Cao Lei chases his pregnant girlfriend away from the family castle. He does it in order to save her from vicious bandits who are going to murder his family. —
Jackie witnesses his father's death by the skilled hands of a martial arts master with an unknown killing technique. Jackie vows to become a Shaolin monk and avenge his death, but soon finds that he's the chump of the class. After befriending a variety of Shaolin Masters, each of whom teaches Jackie a particular style of kung fu (drunken, killing, slippery snake, et cetera), Jackie suddenly finds himself good enough to go give the beatdown to the one hundred "wooden men", who all Shaolin (in this movie anyways) have to beat to get the funky haircut. Jackie then proceeds to go around laying the beatdown on everyone, but shows his humility and compassion at the end. —
Mi Wey is a local hero named after "Killer Meteors", his secret weapon which makes him invincible. However, when "Immortal" Wa Wu Bin, another powerful local character seeks his assistance, "Killer meteor" will face the greatest and the deadliest challenge of his life. —
Superkicker Dorian Tan Tao-liang plays a Shaolin student who must find a Manchu traitor responsible for the murder of the abbot. Jackie Chan is a spear fighting expert who decides to help Tan because the traitor killed his brother. Part of their mission is to help a scholar make it safely across the river without getting killed from the Manchus. —
A brother and sister escape from Japanese-occupied Shanghai to Japanese-occupied Taiwan, to stay with their grandfather who runs a Kung-Fu school there. However, the master of a Japanese Kung- Fu school in Taiwan has designs on bringing all other schools on the island under his domination, and part of his plan involves the murder of the siblings' grandfather. Undaunted, the brother and sister reestablish their grandfather's school, leading to a final confrontation with the Japanese Kung Fu master. Jackie Chan plays a young thief who at first does not want to learn Kung-Fu, but finally realizes that he can no longer stand by and let the Japanese trample the rights of the Chinese people. He proves extremely adept at the martial arts, and carries the fight to its final conclusion. —
The film consists of three stories: "All about Mahjong", "The Women Killer", and "The White Lie".
Mr. Hu is dying, so he calls his family to his bedside. After his death, his three sons divide Mr. Hu's belongings, leaving their mother and sister with nothing. Between them, the sister and mother came up with a plan to get revenge. The sister starts a rumor that her mother is actually very rich, when hearing the rumour, the three sons quickly return home and try to gain their mother's favor in the hope of getting the money from her. Spring Lady is tiring of her husband, Ma, and has an eye on Little Tang, a rickshaw boy. Little Tang is in love with Lin-tze, but as Lin-tze is happily married to Chang Hsun, his attentions are soon swayed by Spring Lady. Although Ma discovers the affair, he is too busy to care. —
Hsi-Men Ching woos a beautiful woman Pan Chin-lien, and they murder Pan's husband together. However, the adulterer and adulteress don't get to share a wonderful life after their crime.
As Jen Ko (Henry Yu Yung) has completed his training at the military academy, he is entrusted by his superiors at once with a secret mission. He should take in the city Lung Tau the gang leader Fong captured. This dominates not only by local standards, but is also responsible for the death of Jen Ko's father. Jen Ko is on his way. However, Fong has already experienced by Jen Ko's order and seven rock-hard kung fu fighters hired that will protect him and his dirty business. —
A female revolutionist takes on the identity of a Captain's long lost sister who is actually dead. She manages to fool the Captain for a while, but the Captain soon catches on to her and the plan to stop Chinese-Japanese relations.
Ho Mei Fong is a young woman in trouble, running from a gang of criminals with something of importance hidden in her purse. She dies in Chien Chen's taxi while trying to escape, but not before hiding the purse. Chien Chen is now involved whether he likes it or not, along with Ho Mei's sister, who turns out to be an undercover Hong Kong policewoman. They must solve the mystery of the missing purse and what it contained, while being pursued by the criminals and their hired thugs (led by Jackie Chan). —
This story is centering around a Ming Dynasty brothel that steams with secret erotic myths, trysts and twists of pleasurable indulgence.
Young Jackie was intrigued by Kung Fu since an early age, but his father strictly forbade its practice. One day, he meets an old beggar who offers to teach Jackie how to fight. Jackie grows up to be quite good, though he keeps his knowledge a secret until he is forced to fight by an extortion ring that's putting the squeeze on his uncle's restaurant. —
Historical movie, set during the Japanese occupation of China during WWII, in which a group of Chinese rebels tries to oust the Japanese forces from a small town. Jackie Chan is one of the good guys but has nothing much more than a supporting role. —
Sometime during the Song Dynasty, there was a couple, Qin Xiang Lian and Chen Shimei, with two lovely children. Later, Chen goes to the Imperial City to take part in the Imperial Examination.
A child learns martial arts to become a kung fu warrior.
